Question 
I'm going to give you a situation to act out. You just moved into a new apartment and you wanted to recycling but you do not know the rules for this apartment. So ask three or four questions to a person working at the admin office of this apartment about recycling system. (Stage 1) I'm so sorry but there is a situation I need you to resolve. I mean the thing is like you had too many parties and throughout a lot of garbage. And your neighbors are complaining about your garbage. So please give two or three solutions to solve the problem. (Stage 2)

Answer 
Hi, I'm new here. I just moved in last week. And I have some questions about recycling system. Where is the recycling site? I have been looking for it for hours and hours but I couldn't find it. Oh I see. When is the collection day? Every Wednesday? Oh one more thing. Do I get find if I don't do it right? Okay thank you so much for your kind answers. Bye. (Stage 1) Hi, I'm so sorry that I had too many parties and couldn't control the amount of garbage I threw out. I really didn't mean to cause any trouble. And I want to get along well with you guys. So I came up with some solutions. First I'll have fewer parties. My friends used to call me a party animal. Now that I think about it, I throw a party every single day. So I will make sure to have a party only once a month. Another option I can think of is I will have parties outside. This way, I'll be able to control the amount of garbage I produce and throw away less. Which option do you prefer? Do you have another option in mind? Once again, I am really sorry for the trouble. To make it up to you I want to buy you dinner. Shall we meet this Saturday? Okay then I'll see you on Saturday. Bye. (Stage 2)

Feedback 
Focus on Roleplay as it's likely to be heard and easy to prepare. Act out the situation like a real conversation. Practice speaking out loud, not just reading. Use your phone background as the Eva screen for practice. (Stage 1) Ask 3-4 simple questions (using Wh- questions). Pay attention to who you are talking to. Start with greetings (Hi) and end with farewells (Bye). Use phrases like "I'm new here," "I just moved in last week," "I have some questions about." Include filler phrases to show ability (e.g., "I have been looking for it for hours and hours but I couldn't find it"). Do a one-man show by assuming the other person answers (e.g., "Oh I see," "Every Wednesday?"). Don't raise the end of Wh- questions. Raise the end of Yes/No questions or when confirming information. Use "Oh one more thing" for the last question. Emphasize "so much" in "Thank you so much." (Stage 2) The role remains the same as Stage 1. A problem arises, and you need to provide 2-3 solutions (대안 제시). Identify if you are the one apologizing. If so, use "I'm so sorry" and emphasize "so." Use phrases like "I came up with some solutions." Use phrases like "I really didn't mean to" and "get along well with." Structure solutions using "First," "Another option I can think of is." Include filler phrases to show ability (e.g., "My friends used to call me a party animal," "Now that I think about it," "every single day"). Explain the benefit of the solution using "This way." Use closing questions like "Which option do you prefer?" and "Do you have another option in mind?" (These are versatile for Stage 2). Use phrases for apologizing and making up, such as "once again I am so sorry" and "To make it up to you I want to buy you dinner." Use "Shall we?" for suggestions. Deliver greetings and farewells in a native-like tone. You don't need to use the entire script; focus on the main points and phrases you can deliver comfortably.

