Question 
How do you deal with problems that occur in your house? How is it different from your parents' way of dealing with problems at home? Are there any differences or similarities when it comes to fixing problems at home?

Answer 
Um you know I've never really thought about how my parents and I deal with the problems at home differently. Like let's say um something goes wrong at home. You know there doesn't seem to be a huge difference um when it comes to fixing problems. But I think there are some small ones. For example, if the fridge breaks down, I will probably look up solutions online. You know while my parents will call customer service. But it's not like there's a there's a major difference beyond that, you know? -- OR -- Um this question is a bit tricky to answer. I think it's probably because my parents and I usually deal with issues in pretty much the same way. You know sometimes we call a professional for help. Other times we try like fixing fixing things ourselves. You know I guess you could say you know I guess you could say I've learned how to handle household problems from my parents. So we deal with things in pretty much the same way.

Feedback 
Start softly with fillers like 'Um', 'you know', 'like'. Avoid starting answers abruptly. Use phrases like 'I've never really thought about'. 'Let's say' is a good alternative to 'For example' in conversation, though 'For example' is fine in OPIc monologues. Use 'look up' for searching online. 'It's not like...' is a useful phrase. Use phrasal verbs like 'deal with' for higher scores. 'When it comes to' is a common and useful phrase. Speak naturally with varied tempo and intonation ('말하듯이'). Use 'This question is a bit tricky to answer' as a useful opener for challenging questions. 'It's probably because' sounds more natural and AL-like than 'It's because'. 'In pretty much the same way' is a good phrase for similarity. 'Call a professional' is useful vocabulary. 'Try fixing' uses 'try + ing' which implies trying something out, different from 'try to fix' (attempting to fix). 'I guess you could say' is a good phrase for expressing an opinion or conclusion.

