Question 
Please tell me about the things you did during a get-together with your friends or family. What did you do when you recently spent time with them?

Answer 
Option 1 (Acknowledging similarity): Well my answer to this question might be too similar to the ones to the one I just gave about gatherings you know. The people I usually meet up with are friends and like when we get together we typically go for coffee or hang out at a cafe. So you know I don't really have anything new to say for this question. I will try to give a better answer for the next one. I'm sorry. Option 2 (Different answer - Birthday party): Uh last month my family had a get together because it was my mom's birthday. So um my sister managed to book a table at this popular restaurant that's all over social media lately. You know the chef there actually won the first place on a cooking show called like black and white chef which has been trending on Netflix recently. um I think I'm off topic a bit. Anyway um picking the restaurant was a perfect choice you know. Because the food was amazing and um my mom absolutely loved both the food and the vibe you know. Since it was a birthday um the restaurant even gave us a small cake on the house you know. I gave her the gift my sister and I had prepared. It was such a wonderful time with my family and it's honestly you know one of the most memorable gatherings we've had together recently.

Feedback 
When questions are similar, it's okay to acknowledge it and state you don't have much new to add (Option 1). This is a valid strategy, even for AL/IH. Practice phrases like 'my answer might be too similar', 'I don't really have anything new to say', 'I will try to give a better answer for the next one'. If giving a different answer (Option 2), be careful not to include too much descriptive detail that isn't directly about the experience, as it can sound memorized. Use adverbs like 'absolutely'. Vocabulary: 'meet up', 'typically', 'social media' (not SNS), 'lately', 'managed to book', 'trending on Netflix', 'off topic' (phrase 'I think I'm off topic a bit'), 'absolutely loved', 'on the house', 'memorable gatherings'. Ensure past tense is used correctly. Avoid abrupt pauses.

