Question 
What is the most memorable interview you have had so far? What job was it for? What made that interview so memorable?

Answer 
I think I can tell you about my recent job interview. You know, I almost missed it because I was running late. As I mentioned earlier, I was a job seeker and I got an opportunity to get an interview for a job that I wanted so bad. I was both excited and nervous. I had to prepare a lot. I practiced potential interview questions and, you know, even bought a nice suit to look more like prepared, look more well put together, and I wanted to make a good impression. But, you know, I thought everything was like well prepared. On the day of the interview, I left on three hours earlier than the scheduled time. It was raining a little that day, drizzling, but it wasn't too heavy. I took a bus and about like 20 minutes later, it started pouring, causing a massive traffic jam. So the bus was stuck in a tunnel, you know. After a while, I became so worried about like being late. I panicked. When I realized that there was an accident in front of the bus. I wanted to get off the bus, but it was trapped in the tunnel. After a while, the bus finally stopped at the next bus stop and I quickly got off and grabbed a cab. I arrived at the interview venue. I was able to make it to the interview just in time. I pulled myself together and focused on the interview. You know, the interview went well and I ended up getting the job. You know, it's a memory I don't want to think of, but it's the one that I can't seem to forget.

Feedback 
Use phrases like "I can tell you about...". Use "I was running late" for being late. Use "wanted so bad" (colloquial AL) instead of "I really wanted". Use "both excited and nervous" to describe mixed feelings. Practice using past tense for narrative. Use phrases like "look more well put together" for appearance. Use "make a good impression". Practice time phrases like "left on three hours earlier". Use vocabulary like "drizzling" for light rain. Use "started pouring" for heavy rain. Use vocabulary like "massive traffic jam". Learn phrases like "stuck in a tunnel" or "trapped". Practice expressing worry like "I became so worried about being late". Use "I panicked". Use verbs for transportation like "took a bus", "got off", "grabbed a cab". Learn vocabulary like "interview venue". Practice using "was able to make it to..." (to manage to attend/arrive). Use "just in time". Learn the idiom "pull yourself together" (to regain composure). Practice using "go well" (to proceed smoothly). Practice using "ended up + -ing" (e.g., "ended up getting the job"). Use phrases for unpleasant memories like "It's a memory I don't want to think of" and "the one that I can't seem to forget".

