Question 
How did you first become interested in music? What kind of music did you listen to when you were young? Has your taste in music changed over the years? How has it changed?

Answer 
Okay. So the first time I got interested in music? Well, you know, I would have to say that is such a long time ago. Now that I think about it, I guess it was about 15 to 20 years ago. So basically, I first got interested in music in my teenage years. So it was when I was 12 or 13. Back then, my sister was so into K-pop. And I started listening to a lot of K-pop songs with her. So yeah, it was my sister that got me interested in music. Honestly, I didn't really have taste in music as a kid. But now, as I got older, I feel like I listen to more various types of music. You know, I'm not really picky about music. I listen to pop, R&B, rock, jazz, and sometimes classical music. I don't know if I have good taste in music, but I enjoy listening to pop music the most. And I can say I particularly like listening to upbeat music with happy melodies. Let's see. Oh yeah. Do you know permission to dance? It's one of my favorite songs by BTS. I like the songs like this because I feel like they keep me awake and make me feel alive. Overall, listening to music is my favorite thing to do. I just love music. Well, how about you Eva? Do you have good taste in music? I wonder what kind of music you like to listen to.

Feedback 
The answer is structured into Introduction, Body 1 (Past), Body 2 (Present), and Conclusion. It effectively uses past tense for past experiences (e.g., 'got interested', 'started listening', 'didn't have taste') and present tense/present perfect for current state and changes (e.g., 'listen to', 'enjoy listening', 'has changed'). Key phrases include 'got/became interested in', 'started/began + ing', 'taste in music/movies', 'over the years/past years'. AL-level expressions like 'I would have to say', 'Now that I think about it', 'I feel like', 'it was X that got me interested', 'I don't know if I have good taste' are used to enhance fluency and complexity. Fillers like 'Okay', 'So', 'Well', 'You know', 'Let's see' are recommended to sound natural. Emphasis on words like 'so into', 'a lot of', 'favorite', 'love' is suggested for better delivery. The feedback also advises correcting tense mistakes naturally without saying 'sorry' (e.g., 'I mean...'). It also suggests adapting the answer structure and phrases for other topics like movies or exercise by changing relevant nouns and verbs.

