Question 
You indicated in your survey that you like going to parks. Please tell me about one of the parks you like to go to. What does it look like and where is it located? What makes it special?

Answer 
It's a good question because there are many beautiful parks in my country. You know actually, I live in a big city Seoul, but there are several nice parks close to where I live. Well, so, I can think of a few nice parks right now. But let me focus on my favorite ones. So speaking of the park I like to visit, there's a nice river park called Han River Park in my city. The park runs along Han River, which divides Seoul into north and south. Fortunately, it's pretty close to my home, probably about a 10 minute drive. In addition to that, the park has some great facilities, like biking trails and walking paths. So what makes the park special is that you can walk or ride a bike along the river side. And another park I like to visit is Olympic Park, which is also located in Seoul. Just so you know, Olympic Park was built to host the 1988 Summer Olympics. Well, anyway, I like this park because it is super big and has beautiful flower gardens. The flower gardens are my favorite part because in the spring, the flowers begin to blossom and give off an incredible scent. So overall, I love going to parks in my free time. I feel very lucky to have such lovely parks in my city. Although these parks get quite packed with people sometimes, I definitely recommend visiting there in the spring time.

Feedback 
This answer effectively addresses all parts of the question by describing two favorite parks (Han River Park and Olympic Park). It starts with a good introductory phrase ('It's a good question because...'). The use of 'You know actually', 'Well, so', 'But let me focus on', 'Speaking of', 'In addition to that', 'Just so you know', 'Well, anyway', 'So overall', 'Although' provides natural-sounding fillers and connectors, improving fluency. Vocabulary is varied and descriptive ('many beautiful', 'several nice', 'a few nice', 'favorite ones', 'runs along', 'divides', 'fortunately', 'pretty close', 'great facilities', 'super big', 'beautiful flower gardens', 'favorite part', 'begin to blossom', 'give off an incredible scent', 'lovely parks', 'quite packed', 'definitely recommend'). Sentence structures are varied, including longer sentences with relative clauses ('which divides Seoul...') and noun clauses ('What makes the park special is that...'). Specific details like the location relative to home ('close to where I live', '10 minute drive'), the function of the river ('divides Seoul'), the historical purpose of Olympic Park (hosting the Olympics), and specific features (biking trails, walking paths, flower gardens) add depth and support a higher score (AL). The answer provides reasons for liking the parks ('because it is super big...', 'because in the spring...'). The conclusion summarizes the preference and offers a recommendation, providing a strong finish. Using 'several', 'a few', 'many' shows variation in quantifying parks. Using 'packed' as a synonym for 'crowded' is good vocabulary. The detail about the flower gardens blooming and giving off a scent is a strong descriptive point.

