Question 
What kind of home appliances do you have in your house? For example, there might be a refrigerator, a microwave, or a washer. Tell me about the appliances that you use in your home. Which one is the most useful? Please describe your home appliances in as much detail as possible.

Answer 
Um I have a lot of useful home appliances. First, you know, let me tell you about the things in the kitchen. Um I have a fridge and um a microwave that I use most often. I usually get home very late. So, you know, I just microwave instant food for dinner. These days, there are tons of tasty instant food and ready made meals that you can buy from a grocery store or a convenience store. What's more? I have a blender and a waffle maker that I recently bought. Um these days, I'm so into making waffles. Plus, you know, another useful home appliances in the kitchen is the air fryer. Well, they're pretty new but popular in Korea. You know, they fry food fried food without oil and it's especially convenient for heating instant food. Well, um you know, also in the living room, I have a TV and an AC, you know. It's very hot and humid in the summer in Korea. You know, I mean, the temperature is sweltering. So, I don't think I could live without the without AC. Lastly, um I have a desk, a computer and a Bluetooth speaker. You know, I've been looking for the job, you know, because this is my last semester in college. So, I've been spending a lot of time working on my resume and cover letter on the computer. So, um to put everything in a nutshell, I think I have a lot of useful appliances and they're mostly really handy when I do housework. That's all.

Feedback 
Start simply, avoid immediate answer. Use fillers like um, you know, well. Vary speed, intonation, and stress to avoid sounding memorized (IM1/IM2 penalty). Use connecting words (First, What's more, Plus, Also, Lastly, So, To put everything in a nutshell). Use adjectives and adverbs for higher scores (useful, most often, recently, pretty new, popular, convenient, especially, very hot/humid/sweltering, a lot of, mostly, really handy). Use specific vocabulary (fridge/refrigerator, microwave as a verb, waffle maker, blender, air fryer, air conditioning unit/AC, sweltering, boiling, work on something, resume, cover letter, to put everything in a nutshell, handy). Use contractions (there are -> there, He is -> his). Practice intonation and stress on words like 'especially' and 'convenient'. Work on something means doing or concentrating on something.

