Question 
I'd like to know how the public transportation system in your country has changed over time. What are the differences between the types of transportation you used as a child and the types you use today? Provide as many details as possible.

Answer 
Well, I think the public transportation system in Korea has improved a lot over the years. It is definitely true that it has changed for the better. Well, you know what? Believe it or not, back in the day, there was no such thing as a public transportation card. I still remember that people had to pay by cash or by tickets from the ticket counter. It was a hassle and a waste of time. But nowadays, of course, all we have to do is just tag our transportation card to pay. That's all. Oh plus, we can even transfer to other lines or buses and no extra charge. Yeah, I'm pretty sure that Korea's public transportation system has changed for the better.

Feedback 
Pronunciation: 'Korea' (stress on -re-), 'back in the day' (pronounce 'back in'), 'nowadays' (stress on first syllable), 'remember' (stress on -mem-). Grammar: Use present perfect tense ('has improved', 'has changed') to describe change over time. Use past tense ('had to pay', 'was') for past actions/states. Use present tense ('is', 'have to do', 'can transfer') for current state/actions. Vocabulary/Phrases: 'has improved a lot'/'has changed a lot' (for significant change), 'over the years'/'over the last 10 years' (time phrase), 'it is definitely true that' (for emphasis), 'well, you know what?' (filler/transition), 'believe it or not' (for surprising past fact), 'back in the day' (meaning in the past), 'there was no such thing as' + 명사 (pattern for something that didn't exist), 'I still remember that' + 주어 + 동사 (pattern for recollecting past), 'had to pay by cash or by tickets', 'hassle' (meaning inconvenience), 'waste of time', 'but nowadays' (for transition to present), 'of course', 'all we have to do is' + 동사 원형 (pattern for simple action), 'just tag our transportation card to pay', 'that's all' (meaning it's simple), 'oh plus' (for adding information), 'we can even transfer to', 'other lines or buses', 'and no extra charge' (meaning free transfer), 'I'm pretty sure that' (for expressing certainty), 'has changed for the better' (meaning improved). Structure: State that change/improvement occurred. Compare past and present using a specific example (transportation card). Conclude by reiterating the improvement.

