Question 
Nowadays, people travel to other countries a lot. But the way people used to travel in the past might have been very different. What do you think are the main differences between how people used to travel internationally and how they do it now?

Answer 
Well three years ago unfortunately no one could freely travel abroad. you remember when covid was spreading a lot right? So Korea had this thing called social distancing. they basically meant they limited non essential travel. however nowadays the pandemic is over. So you can easily say lots of people traveling overseas right? And you know what? I'm actually going to LA next month. you never know how happy I am. Well this is my first overseas trip in years. So anyway what I'm trying to say is that more and more people are traveling abroad these days.

Feedback 
This question is a comparison and contrast type, typically appearing as question 14, especially for difficulty levels 5-6. Key keywords to listen for include 'differences', 'different', 'between A and B', 'nowadays', 'in the past', and phrases related to international travel like 'travel to other countries' or 'travel internationally'. The suggested answer structure is to compare the past and present, using a clear dividing point (like the COVID-19 pandemic). For the past, mention limited travel due to the pandemic ('covid was spreading a lot', 'social distancing', 'limited non essential travel'). For the present, mention increased travel because the pandemic is over ('pandemic is over', 'people traveling overseas'). Adding a personal anecdote ('I'm actually going to LA next month', 'my first overseas trip in years') can enhance the answer. Useful vocabulary includes 'unfortunately', 'freely travel abroad', 'spreading a lot', 'social distancing', 'limited non essential travel', 'however', 'nowadays', 'the pandemic is over', 'easily say', 'lots of people', 'traveling overseas', 'to be honest', 'actually', 'vacation plan', 'visit', 'in years', 'anyway', 'what I'm trying to say is that', 'more and more people'. Pay attention to pronunciation for words like 'unfortunately', 'remember', and 'experience'.

