Question 
Tell me about the library you often go to. Where is it located? What does it look like? Why do you like that place? Please describe it in detail.

Answer 
Well um the library I often visit is Seoul Library. You know which is the most popular and the biggest library in Seoul. You know it isn't close to my place. However, um I can easily get there by subway because there is a subway station right in front of it, you know? Um also it has really nice cutting edge facilities. Um there there are a few buildings for different kinds of books. And you know there's a small park in the middle of the buildings. Um this park is a perfect spot to hang out by myself while reading books. Besides they have a small cafe in the library where I can grab something to eat or drink. What's more another thing that makes this place so attractive is the view and the music that I can enjoy at this cafe. So um Seoul library is my go to library for these reasons.

Feedback 
Use fillers like 'um', 'you know', 'well', 'like' to sound natural and avoid sounding memorized. Structure your answer: Location -> How to get there -> Why you like it (facilities, atmosphere, etc.) -> What you do there -> Conclusion. Use superlatives correctly (e.g., 'the most popular and biggest'). Describe location relative to your place ('close to my place', 'within walking distance'). Explain how you get there ('by subway', 'walk'). Describe facilities ('really nice facilities', 'cutting edge facilities'). Use 'facilities' (plural). Describe the layout or features ('a few buildings for different kinds of books', 'a small park in the middle of the buildings'). Use contractions in speaking ('there is' -> 'there's'). Use connectors ('Besides', 'What's more', 'on top of that', 'in addition', 'plus') for better structure. Describe amenities ('a small cafe where I can grab something to eat or drink'). Use advanced vocabulary like 'grab something to eat/drink' or 'grab a bite to eat'. Use structures like 'What makes this place so attractive is...' for AL. Use 'another thing' (IH/AL level). Pay attention to pronunciation, especially stress (e.g., 'different', 'can' vs 'can't', 'is the view'). Use 'they' as a pronoun for places/organizations in speaking. Use 'go to' instead of 'favorite' to show variety. Pay attention to basic grammar like pluralization ('for these reasons' vs 'for this reasons'). Practice recording yourself to check for pauses and memorized tone.

