Question 
Describe what you do to maintain a clean and comfortable home. What types of household chores do you do?

Answer 
Well honestly, I don't do household chores very often. I'm just so busy with my work/studies that I don't have much time to do chores regularly. Besides, I get lazy too when I'm home. But I always try to keep my home clean and neat. So let me tell you about what I do to maintain a clean home. Every day, I make sure to wash any dirty dishes. Because, you know, I don't want them to pile up in the kitchen sink. Also, once a week, I try to vacuum all of the rooms. In addition to that, I usually do the chores that take a little longer to complete on weekends, like on Sundays. For example, I'll mop the floors and clean the kitchen and bathroom. I'll also do the laundry on Saturdays and Sundays. You know, I feel like doing all of these chores take a long time. But it's worth it to have a clean home. So I have to say, I should make more effort to maintain a clean home.

Feedback 
This answer template provides a structured response for the first question about current household chores. It includes an introduction using fillers and admitting not doing chores often due to being busy or lazy, while stating an effort to keep the home clean. The body lists specific chores like washing dishes, vacuuming, mopping, cleaning the kitchen/bathroom, and doing laundry, using key vocabulary (wash the dishes, vacuum all of the rooms, mop the floors, clean the kitchen and bathroom, do the laundry). It incorporates frequency (every day, once a week) and uses phrases like 'make sure to' and 'try to'. For higher grades (AL), it includes more complex sentences (e.g., using 'that' or 'because' clauses) and transition words (Also, In addition to that, For example). It also demonstrates using 'will' to describe habitual actions on weekends. The conclusion offers a reflective closing, acknowledging the time commitment but emphasizing the value of a clean home and expressing an intention to make more effort, using phrases like 'take a long time', 'worth it to have a clean home', and 'make more effort', along with opinion phrases like 'I have to say' or 'I feel like'. The structure (Intro-Body-Conclusion) helps organize the response.

