Question 
Describe the clothes normally worn by people in your country. Do people wear different types of clothes for work and relaxing?

Answer 
Well, honestly, I'm not very interested in clothes and fashion trends. So, I can't say I know a lot about this topic. But I'll try my best to answer. So, when it comes to the clothes for work, I think it's usual for men to wear suits and women to wear suits or dresses at work. I guess people dress in a presentable way that is not messy or inappropriate. Oh, actually, depending on the office, a casual shirts and pants are acceptable too. On the other hand, when people relax at home, they usually wear a t-shirt with sweatpants. Well, I know some people wear just pajamas. You know, it's the best to be as comfortable as possible when you're at home. In addition, when people go out with their friends or on dates, the fashion styles vary a lot. Some people dress in very trendy clothes. Other people will go out in casual attire even on dates. Well, in my country, I think it's normal for people to dress in trendy styles. I feel like people these days dress however they want. So the fashions are very diverse.

Feedback 
This answer addresses the question about clothes worn by people in your country, differentiating between work and relaxing/going out attire. The introduction helps buy time and manage expectations for a '돌발 주제' (unexpected topic) by stating a lack of strong interest. Key phrases and structures are used throughout the body to describe typical clothing choices for different situations: 'when it comes to' introduces topics, 'it's usual for X to wear Y' describes common practices, 'dress in a presentable way' describes work attire, 'depending on the office' adds nuance, 'On the other hand' signals a shift to relaxing clothes, 'wear a t-shirt with sweatpants' and 'wear just pajamas' describe comfortable wear, 'as comfortable as possible' emphasizes comfort at home, 'In addition' adds information about going out, 'vary a lot' highlights diversity, 'dress in very trendy clothes' and 'go out in casual attire' provide examples of going-out styles. The conclusion summarizes that fashion is diverse and people dress as they want. Using fillers like 'Well', 'honestly', 'So', 'I guess', 'Oh, actually', 'You know', and connectors like 'On the other hand', 'In addition' helps the answer sound more natural and less memorized. Varying sentence beginnings (starting with 'I think', 'I guess', 'depending on', 'when', 'Some people', 'Other people', 'I feel like') avoids monotony. The vocabulary includes 'clothes', 'fashion trends', 'suits', 'dresses', 'presentable way', 'messy', 'inappropriate', 'casual shirts and pants', 'acceptable', 'sweatpants', 'pajamas', 'comfortable', 'fashion styles', 'vary', 'trendy clothes', 'casual attire', 'diverse'.

