Question 
Please explain how people usually spend their vacations in your country. How did it change from the past to now? Are people vacationing in different ways? Compare how people in your country spent their vacations in the past and how the ways have changed over the years.

Answer 
I think people used to spend their vacations according to their personal preference. Some went abroad for traveling while others enjoyed a home vacation. But everything has totally changed because of the covid-19 pandemic. Before the covid-19 pandemic, many people preferred to go abroad for traveling. It was a trend to many young Koreans and families as well. They were able to try out different culture and visit tourist attractions and widen the viewpoint of the world through traveling. But after the covid-19 pandemic, we can no longer travel abroad. In fact, we can barely have gatherings and eat out. So without a choice, people have to stay at home for their vacation. I personally think this is the biggest change in how people spend their vacations from the past to now.

Feedback 
This is a difficult question requiring comparison of past and present vacation habits in your country. Pay close attention to tenses (past for past, present for present). A useful filler for difficult questions: 'this question is very difficult but I will try my best to answer'. Past habits: 'people used to spend their vacations according to their personal preference', 'Some went abroad for traveling while others enjoyed a home vacation/homecation'. The change: 'everything has totally changed because of the covid-19 pandemic'. Before Covid: 'Before the covid-19 pandemic, many people preferred to go abroad for traveling', 'It was a trend', 'They were able to try out different culture and visit tourist attractions and widen the viewpoint of the world through traveling' (widen the viewpoint of the world = broaden perspective). After Covid: 'after the covid-19 pandemic, we can no longer travel abroad', 'In fact' (for additional detail), 'we can barely have gatherings and eat out' (gatherings = meetings), 'So without a choice, people have to stay at home for their vacation'. Concluding phrase for comparison: 'I personally think this is the biggest change in how people spend their vacations from the past to now' (versatile for past/present comparisons). Ensure correct tense usage throughout.

