Question 
I would like to know about the most memorable vacation you've spent at home. When was it? What did you do? And who were you with? Why was it so memorable?

Answer 
The most memorable vacation I've spent at home is for the last few months. In fact, I really used to travel to somewhere around the world. But you know it's hard to go somewhere because of coronavirus. So during the vacation my wife and I have watched a lot of movies and TV shows on Netflix. So I'd like to introduce what we've watched. The movie I'd like to introduce is Sleepless in Seattle an old movie in 1993. It is an American romantic comedy film about a man who lost his wife by cancer and has an 8 years old and a woman who lives in New York. start by start started by Tom Hanks and Mac Ryan. The story is the story is so touching. But I was really amazed by how much Mac Ryan was beautiful. I thought that I found an ideal time in terms of appearance. I think the vacation was a somewhat good time to make our relationship between my wife and me better. During the vacation we've talked about many things such as our future something like that. Of course I of course I want that this this situation will be over soon though.

Feedback 
The most memorable vacation I've spent at home is for the last few months: Good structure, but 'is' could be 'was' or 'would be'. 'for the last a few months' should be 'for the last few months' or 'for the past few months'. Pronunciation of 'months' could be improved. In fact, I really used to travel to somewhere around the world: 버벅거림. 'really' is awkward; 'I used to love traveling' or 'I used to love traveling somewhere' is better. 'travel to somewhere' is okay, but 'travel around the world' is also an option. But you know it's hard to go somewhere because of coronavirus: Good use of 'but you know'. 'somewhere' is repeated; 'go abroad' or 'travel abroad' is better. For AL, use 'go on an overseas trip' and 'coronavirus pandemic' or 'Covid-19 pandemic'. So during the vacation my wife and I have watched a lot of movies and TV shows on Netflix: Good length and inclusion of 'who'. Speed could be faster for AL. 'have watched' pronunciation is 'watched'; 'we've seen' is an alternative. So I'd like to introduce what we've watched: Good intention. For AL, 'I'd like to introduce one of the movies we've watched' is more specific. The movie I'd like to introduce is Sleepless in Seattle an old movie in 1993: Good long subject. Good detail with the year. For AL, 'an old movie released in 1993' is more precise. Pronunciation of 'Sleepless' should be clearer. It is an American romantic comedy film about a man who lost his wife by cancer and has an 8 years old and a woman who lives in New York. start by start started by Tom Hanks and Mac Ryan: Very long sentence, leads to hesitation. Break it into two sentences for better flow. 'an 8 years old' should be 'an eight year old son'. 'by cancer' is okay. 'start by start started by' is repetitive and awkward; 'Tom Hanks and Mac Ryan starred in this movie' is better. The story is the story is so touching: Repetition of 'the story'. 'was' could be used instead of 'is' for past events, but 'is' is acceptable here. 'touching' is a good word. But I was really amazed by how much Mac Ryan was beautiful: Good use of 'amazed'. 'how much Mac Ryan was beautiful' is grammatically okay but awkward; 'how beautiful Mac Ryan was' is better. Lack of detailed description of her beauty is a missed opportunity for AL (TMI is good for AL). I thought that I found an ideal time in terms of appearance: Lack of emotion. 'ideal time' should be 'ideal type' or 'ideal girl'. 'in terms of appearance' is good vocabulary. Mentioning her age/time period ('back then') would add detail. I think the vacation was a somewhat good time to make our relationship between my wife and me better: 'somewhat' is weak; remove it or use 'pretty good'. 'between my wife and me' is slightly awkward; 'make our relationship better' or 'make our relationship stronger' is better. 'good time' could be 'great time' or 'good chance'. For AL, 'a great chance for me and my wife to make our relationship stronger' is more advanced. During the vacation we've talked about many things such as our future something like that: 'during the vacation' is repetitive. Use transition words like 'in addition' or 'on top of that'. 'something like that' is natural for conversation but lacks detail. Provide more examples for 'many things' and 'our future' (e.g., saving money, having a baby). Use 'for example' followed by a sentence for AL. Of course I of course I want that this this situation will be over soon though: Repetition ('of course I', 'this this situation'). Meaning is slightly ambiguous. 'want' could be 'hope'. 'this situation' could be 'this Covid-19 situation' or 'the coronavirus'. 'be over' could be 'end'. 'though' at the end is okay, but using 'although' at the beginning of a sentence is clearer for AL. Overall: Good sentence length and detail for IH. Hesitation and repetition are weaknesses for AL. Vocabulary could be more varied and precise.

