Question 
I would like to know about the most memorable vacation you've spent at home. When was it? What did you do? And who were you with? Why was it so memorable?

Answer 
Okay, I'd like to talk about my most memorable vacation at home. It is my last vacation. It was about a month ago. Actually, my apartment is kind of small, but I think it is enough size for me to relieve my stress and to enjoy my vacation. So anyway, I spent my last vacation with my boyfriend Jack at my apartment. We did a lot of things. We we eat. First of all, we watched my favorite movie Inception. Do you know Inception? It is one of the famous movie in the world. And we made our dinner ourselves after we watched movie. It was so delicious. I made pasta and he made steaks. Just so you know, I think I am a very good chef. Anyway, after we ate dinner, we went out to enjoy jogging. We because I mean because we were so full. We could relax ourselves in at the park near my apartment. I think it was the most memorable vacation because I could relax departing from my work and study. So I recommend you to enjoy your vacation at home. It will give you some comfortable feeling. Try it, Eva. Thank you.

Feedback 
Okay, I'd like to talk about my most memorable vacation at home: Good opening. It is my last vacation. It was about a month ago: Sentences are too short for AL. Combine them: 'It was my last vacation, which was about a month ago.' Add specific month for more detail (AL). Actually, my apartment is kind of small, but I think it is enough size for me to relieve my stress and to enjoy my vacation: Very good detail (TMI is good). 'kind of small' pronunciation could be smoother ('kind of small'). 'it is' could be 'it's'. So anyway, I spent my last vacation with my boyfriend Jack at my apartment: Good inclusion of 'who' and name. 'at my apartment' is okay, but 'in my apartment' is more common. 'at home' is also an option. We did a lot of things: Too short and simple for AL. Add adjectives: 'a lot of fun things'. Add 'together'. Jack and I did a lot of fun things together (AL). We we eat: Repetition, unclear. First of all, we watched my favorite movie Inception: Good transition 'first of all'. Add movie genre (sci-fi) for more detail (AL). Mentioning watching it again or having seen it before adds complexity (AL). Do you know Inception?: Good interaction with Eva. 'By the way, do you know this movie?' is an alternative. It is one of the famous movie in the world: Grammatical error. 'one of the famous movies' (plural) or 'one of the most famous movies'. For AL, use 'world-famous sci-fi movie'. And we made our dinner ourselves after we watched movie: Hesitation at 'and'. 'after we watched the movie' (add 'the') or 'after the movie'. 'ourselves' is good. It was so delicious. I made pasta and he made steaks: Good detail. Sentences are short. Combine and reorder: 'I made pasta and he made steaks, and the food was so delicious.' Add 'we thought the food was so delicious' (AL). Just so you know, I think I am a very good chef: 'Just so you know' is good. 'chef' is wrong; use 'cook'. 'I'm a very good cook' or 'I'm a pretty good cook'. Use 'decent' for AL. Add emotional expression or dialogue (e.g., boyfriend's compliment) for AL. Anyway, after we ate dinner, we went out to enjoy jogging: Good transition 'anyway'. 'after we ate dinner' is okay, 'after dinner' is also fine. 'enjoy jogging' is awkward; 'for a run' or 'to jog' or 'to get some exercise' is better. We because I mean because we were so full: Hesitation. Good use of 'I mean'. We could relax ourselves in at the park near my apartment: 'relax ourselves' is awkward; 'refresh ourselves' or 'get some fresh air' is better. Hesitation at 'in at'. 'in the park' or 'at the park'. I think it was the most memorable vacation because I could relax departing from my work and study: Good closing phrase. 'relax' is repeated. 'departing from' is awkward; 'get away from' is better. Add 'regular routine' for AL. So I recommend you to enjoy your vacation at home: Grammatically incorrect structure for 'recommend'. Correct forms: 'I recommend a vacation at home' (noun), 'I recommend enjoying your vacation at home' (gerund), or 'I recommend that you enjoy your vacation at home' or 'I recommend you enjoy your vacation at home' (clause). Add 'highly' or 'definitely' for emphasis (AL). It will give you some comfortable feeling: Awkward phrasing. 'It will comfort you' or 'It will make you feel comfortable' is more natural. Try it, Eva. Thank you: Good direct address to Eva. Could add a suggestion (e.g., invite a friend) for more length (AL). Overall: Good flow and confidence. Sentences are often too short and simple for AL. Vocabulary and phrasing could be more varied and precise. Some grammatical errors (plural, recommend structure, word choice).

