Question 
I like to know about how recycling is practiced in your country. What do people specifically do? Tell me how things are recycled.

Answer 
Well, I live in a very small apartment building. Um, so not like one of the big, uh, apartment villages. Here's not too much, there's not too much recycling going on. Um, what I mostly see in my area are clear plastic bags or that those green netting bags. And it's just a mixture of tins, glasses, plastics, paper. Actually, I don't see paper at all. But mostly just um plastics and glass in these clear bags put out with the rubbish. So, my understanding of it is that the garbage guys can't have to be able to recognize that it's recycling as opposed to normal trash. Um, my experience overall hasn't been terribly clear, but I'm also aware that it's quite different in the larger apartment blocks. Or villages. Great, thank you.

Feedback 
The use of natural expressions like 'oh my lord' (or recommended alternatives like 'oh my gosh', 'oh my goodness', 'holy cow', 'what the heck') is great for sounding human and natural in OPIc, especially when thinking or confused. The phrase 'apartment villages' is interesting; 'apartment complexes' is more standard English. Pay attention to the pronunciation of MENT words like 'apartment' (should sound like 'mint'). Honesty is key in OPIc; saying 'there's not too much recycling going on' is a very good, natural, and honest answer. Be careful with 'too much' vs 'too many'; if unsure, use 'a lot of' (e.g., 'not a lot of recycling'). Repeating words while thinking ('there's not too much... there's not too much going on') is a natural filler and can help you sound smooth, which is an AL-level technique. The phrase 'What I mostly see in my area are...' is excellent and shows personal observation, adding depth to your answer. Good vocabulary like 'netting bags' (alternatives: 'poly mesh bags', 'net bags') is useful. Using 'mixture' ('it's just a mixture of...') is very good. The word 'just' is a small but powerful word that makes sentences sound more natural and is characteristic of higher-level English. Being honest and correcting yourself ('Actually, I don't see paper at all') is highly recommended as it sounds spontaneous and human. 'Rubbish' is a good UK English word for trash/garbage. 'My understanding of it is...' is a great phrase meaning 'as far as I know'. Calling them 'garbage guys' is natural and understandable, though 'garbage collectors' or 'trash collectors' are more formal terms. Explaining the reason for recycling from the perspective of the garbage guys needing to recognize it is a good description. Using fillers ('you know', 'um') makes your speech smoother and more natural, like a human conversation. The conclusion 'my experience overall' is excellent; using 'overall' for a conclusion is good, and adding 'my experience' makes it even smoother and more personal. The honesty in the conclusion, admitting limited knowledge but mentioning what you've heard about other places, is very natural and effective.

