Question 
Tell me about the concert venue you often visit. Where is it located? What does it look like? Why do you like that place? Please describe it in detail.

Answer 
Start naturally (e.g., There's a very nice concert place in the city where I live). Mention its name (It's called Soul concert hall). Describe it as a landmark or must-visit place (It's also kind of a landmark, It's a must visit place). Mention good facilities (famous for its good facilities like good stages, splendid lighting, comfortable seats). Mention other reasons for liking it (There's another reason why I like this place, I mean there's so much to do around this concert venue). Describe nearby places (First, there are a lot of amazing restaurants). Mention specific details about nearby places (My family's favorite restaurant is located right across from this concert place, It's called ABC restaurant and it serves Italian food, Their spaghetti is really good, it tastes very rich but it's not too heavy, their signature sauce makes their meat more flavorful. In addition, there's a huge outlet shopping mall near the concert hall, I often drop by some stores and buy clothes or cosmetics, It's a place where I get good deals most often). Concluding sentence (to put everything in a nutshell, to sum up, I like Soul concert hall because of their great facilities and because of the nice stores around it).

Feedback 
Vocabulary: venue (장소), landmark (특징적인 지형지물), must visit place (꼭 가봐야 할 곳), facilities (시설), splendid (화려한, 훌륭한), dazzling (눈부신, 화려한), packed with (가득 찬), impressive (인상 깊은), comfortable seats (편안한 좌석), there's so much to do (할 게 많다), first (일단은), have a meal (식사하다), pretty nice (꽤 좋다), located right across from (바로 맞은편에 위치한), serves (음식을 제공하다), rich (풍부한 맛), not too heavy (느끼하지 않은), signature sauce (대표 소스), flavorful (풍미가 깊은), in addition (게다가), huge (엄청나게 큰), outlet shopping mall (아울렛 쇼핑몰), drop by (들르다), get good deals (싸게 물건을 잘 사다), most often (가장 자주), to put everything in a nutshell (요약해서 말하자면), to sum up (요약하자면). Grammar: Reduce 'be' verbs (there's, it's) for fluency. Use 'it's called' instead of repeating the noun. Use relative clauses like 'where I live'. Use 'There's another reason why I like this place'. Use 'There's so much to do around...'. Use present perfect for experience (I've been to). Use comparatives/superlatives where appropriate. Pronunciation: venue, comfortable, seats, facilities, in addition. Strategy: Use fillers (you know, I mean) to sound natural and connect ideas. Use transition words/phrases (first, in addition, to sum up) to link sentences and paragraphs. Vary vocabulary (e.g., venue instead of place, huge instead of big, drop by instead of go to, get good deals instead of buy cheaply). Describe nearby places (restaurants, shopping malls, parks) in detail to extend the answer and link to other potential topics. Use concluding phrases to signal the end of the answer.

