Question 
Please tell me about the hair style you enjoy. Do you have a specific routine for styling your hair? What made you like that style? Since when have you like that hair style? Also, how did you come to know your hair stylist?

Answer 
회피형 답변 예시: Wow, um I didn't expect this kind of question to come up in this test. Um yeah, I think it's not easy for me to answer this question because, you know, I'm not really into hair styling and I don't know the names of hair styles in either Korean or English. I mean, I'm not savvy with that. I'm sorry, but I really don't know much to answer this question. Sorry Eva, can I move on to the next question? 답변 예시: I'm all about messy bun hair style. I think it looks pretty chic. Plus, I sometimes get a layered haircut. Or, I'm not really good with hair style names. I just like short hair. I like styling it with like some hair wax (남성). I like styling it with various colors or using hair iron/straightener (여성). Like once in a while. These are like my go to hair styles. I love how effortless it looks. But honestly, it takes some effort to get it just right. Actually, you know, I wasn't savvy with the styling. So I saw some YouTube videos on styling and they were pretty helpful. At first, um I thought it was difficult but over time, I became more familiar with it. Oh, I almost forgot to answer the question about my hair stylist. As for my hair stylist, one of my friends introduced her to me. Or, I actually found her through a friend's recommendation. Since then, she has been my hair stylist. She always makes awesome haircuts.

Feedback 
회피형 답변: 모르는 문제나 어려운 문제에 대해 솔직하게 말하는 연습을 하세요. 'I didn't expect this kind of question', 'it's not easy for me to answer', 'I'm not really into...', 'I'm not savvy with that' (능숙하지 않다), 'Sorry Eva, can I move on to the next question?' 등의 표현을 유창하게 말하는 것이 중요합니다. 답변: 'I'm all about...' (~에 푹 빠져있다, 너무 좋아한다) 표현을 익히세요. 'once in a while' (어쩌다 한 번씩), 'my go to...' (내가 즐겨찾는/선호하는) 표현을 익히세요. 'effortless' (노력 없이 자연스러운), 'takes some effort' (노력이 필요하다) 같은 표현도 좋습니다. 'savvy'는 기술(tech savvy) 등 다른 주제에도 활용 가능합니다. 'helpful' (도움이 되는)은 호텔, 은행 등 다른 주제에도 활용 가능합니다. 'over time' (시간이 지나면서) 표현을 익히세요. 'I thought it was difficult but over time, I became more familiar with it.' 패턴은 요리, 하이킹 등 다른 주제에도 활용 가능합니다. 헤어스타일리스트 관련: 'As for...' (~에 관해 말하자면), 'introduced her to me', 'found her through a friend's recommendation' 등의 표현을 익히세요. 'Since then, she has been my hair stylist.' 처럼 'since then'과 현재완료를 함께 사용하는 연습을 하세요. 'hair designer'는 콩글리시이며 'hair dresser' 또는 'hair stylist'가 더 적절합니다. 답변 중 'Oh, I almost forgot to answer...' 처럼 즉흥적인 느낌을 주는 표현이 좋습니다.

