Question 
I'd like to know about social gatherings where you live. What kind of gatherings do people have? Do people meet to celebrate certain holidays or anniversaries? Tell me everything about social gatherings in your country.

Answer 
Social gatherings in Korea are like the ones in other countries. um like America, you know? For example, um it's common to have social gatherings with friends and family, you know? to celebrate special occasions. I often meet up with my friends to celebrate my friends' birthdays, um graduations, and weddings, you know? To give you more details, in Korea, people have parties at restaurants or bars, you know? We don't usually have parties at home. This is probably because people have become much busier than before. so they don't have enough time to cook or um prepare things for parties. I think having year end parties is popular in my country. You know, company dinners are also are also popular. What's more, having a family gathering during holidays is also common in Korea. you know? people have a get together with their family and relatives to celebrate holidays. during holidays um they normally cook Korean traditional cuisine. even though there are so many kinds of social gatherings and Koreans like having get togethers, we can't have them like before. Due to COVID-19, more than a certain number of people cannot hold parties, you know, gatherings or meetings. you know, it's required by law. you know, um I recently heard good news about a coronavirus treatment being in the process of getting approval. you know? I hope this pandemic ends soon so that we can spend time with people we love ever.

Feedback 
The answer effectively addresses the prompt by comparing Korean social gatherings to those in other countries, listing various types of gatherings (friends, family, holidays, year-end parties, company dinners), and explaining where they typically occur (restaurants/bars vs. home). It incorporates specific vocabulary like 'special occasions', 'meet up with', 'get together', 'relatives', and 'traditional cuisine'. The use of fillers ('um', 'you know') and linking phrases ('For example', 'To give you more details', 'What's more', 'even though') enhances fluency and coherence. Phrases like 'probably because' and 'I think' contribute to a natural, conversational tone suitable for higher levels (AL). The inclusion of the COVID-19 situation adds detail and relevance, demonstrating the ability to discuss current issues. The feedback emphasizes the importance of reducing stress on be-verbs, using varied vocabulary and sentence structures, and prioritizing tense accuracy over minor grammatical errors for fluency. It also notes that adding complex details like the COVID-19 treatment is suitable for AL but not necessary for lower levels.

