Question 
Have you heard any news related to health recently? Do people talk about that topic a lot? Please describe common health related concerns people have.

Answer 
Phrases to skip the question: I don't think I've heard about any news regarding health. Well, I think I have to move on to the next question. Move on to the next question. Detailed Answer: The most recent news I've heard or read is all about coronavirus. It's an infectious disease caused by a newly discovered virus. You know, the news said this virus is highly contagious and it can be fatal to the elderly or to people who already have underlying health problems like cardiovascular disease, diabetes or cancer, or something. I mean, the death rate is quite high. What makes the matter worse is that we don't have a vaccine or a treatment for this disease. One thing that we can do and we have to do is to isolate ourselves. You know, social distancing is a big issue these days. On top of that, especially in Korea, a lot of people wear disposable mask that can block the virus because this virus can be easily spread when someone sneezes or coughs. As a matter of fact, using a mask has been common for people in Korea because the high high density of fine dust has been a serious problem. You know, fine dust and micro dust can cause tons of serious health problems like cancer or Alzheimer disease. Especially um in the winter Koreans suffer from micro dust. Let me get to the point. Along with wearing a mask, washing hands frequently and using hand sanitizer is strongly recommended. Also, we should drink enough water and get enough rest. In short, one of the biggest issues regarding health is protecting ourselves and our friends and family from this virus and other health threatening issues. So I think we should do everything we can to stay healthy.

Feedback 
Vocabulary: infectious disease, fatal, underlying health problems (like diabetes, cancer), social distancing, disposable masks, fine dust, micro dust, suffer from, hand sanitizer, cause health problems. Grammar: Use of present perfect (I've heard/read, has been common, has been a serious problem), using 'said' for news/books (the news said). Fillers: You know, I mean, um, or something. Connectors: On top of that, What's more, As a matter of fact, Along with, Also, In short, So. Useful phrases: What makes the matter worse is that..., Let me get to the point, do everything we can to stay healthy. Tip: Use easier vocabulary for complex topics if needed. Practice phrases for skipping difficult questions.

