Question 
technology has definitely changed over time. Tell me about an early memory that you have about a piece of technology. It could be a computer or a mobile phone from many years ago. Describe for me what this thing was like back then. How has that technology changed over time?

Answer 
I'll be talking about my phone since I didn't really have my own computer in the past. Today I own a Galaxy Note 8, which is amazing because I can use it to contact people all around the world. But these days it's a you know, it's a totally different story. In the past, I had this tiny little phone slide phone which I don't even know which company it was from, but I could only use it to call and text my family and friends in Korea. Um, but today with my Galaxy Note 8, I use a lot of apps, but especially I use the Kakao app the most, which I use to uh call and video call my cousins in America. Um, yeah, I don't know how I would be I would be able to live without my phone today, being unable to contact them through this Kakao app.

Feedback 
여러분, Honey is a very special student. It's very rare that I come across a student who wants to challenge themselves by wanting to be able to make longer sentences naturally. 거의 학생들은 영어를 먼저 배울 때 특히 오픽을 할 때 어떻게 해든지 짧게 할 수 있는 방법을 찾잖아요. 근데 하니는 처음부터 달랐어요. 하니도 쉬운 방법을 원했는데 but she still wanted her sentences to be longer. She hated how she could only speak short sentences. 그러니까 우리 같이 연습하면서 하니한테 딱 맞는 네 가지 단어로 문장들을 더 길게 만들 수 있었어요. You'll notice that not just in this answer, but if you could actually talk with her in person, she always tends to use these four words to make her sentences naturally longer. Let me show you what they are. Which, because, really, and since. The strategy is very simple. You say a short sentence, and then you use one or two or all of these words, and then all of a sudden you're forced to make a longer sentence naturally. 예를 들어서 제가 짧은 문장을 만들어 볼게요. I love dogs. 그 다음에 여기서 보면은 어떤 단어를 넣으면은 그 문장이 더 길게 될까요? Personally, I would choose the word because. And if you use the word because, all of a sudden you're forced to make the sentence longer. Let's try it. I love dogs because they are so cute. 그 다음에 만약에 더 길게 하고 싶다. 그러면 여기 하나 더 쓸 수 있어요. 예를 들어서 which. 또 해 봅시다. I love dogs because they are so cute, which is important to me because if they are not cute, then I wouldn't like dogs. 처음 할 때는 많이 어려워요. 근데 계속 연습하면은 특히 이 네 가지 단어로 하면은 나중에 you will notice that your sentences will become naturally longer. I'll be talking about my phone since I didn't really have my own computer in the past. I'll be talking about my phone. I love that phrase. It's super natural, super direct, and it helps you to get right into the point. Now notice this is very different from I would like to talk about. 여러분, 이거는 엄청 뻣뻣합니다. 쓸 때 아니면 이메일에서는 괜찮지만 but in natural conversation 약간 스크립트 같아요. 차라리 I would say or I would have to say 훨씬 더 낫습니다. But again, I love Honey's style. She lets you know exactly what she's going to talk about in a very straightforward natural way. And notice also that she's using the word since here to make her sentence longer. Now I love how she used the word really here. I didn't really have my own computer in the past. She could have said I didn't have my own computer. But this word really really makes it descriptive here. Maybe her parents owned one and she had to use their computer. So technically it wasn't her own. Anyway, it's very very natural. Let me give you some more examples. I'm not hungry compared to I'm not really that hungry. That movie wasn't good compared to that movie wasn't really all that good. Today I own a Galaxy Note 8, which is amazing because I can use it to contact people all around the world. Now notice here, Honey is again using the same words to make her sentences naturally longer. In this case, which and because. 처음에 이렇게 들을 때 와, 되게 잘하네 이렇게 느끼잖아요. 근데 솔직하게 보면은 그렇게 많이 어려운 게 없어요. 그냥 which 하고 because 때문에 더 길게 될 수밖에 없거든요. I own a Galaxy Note 8. 그래서 which is amazing. 왜? Because I can use it to contact people all around the world. 자, 이제 여기 보십시오. 하니는 오픽을 할 때 all around the world를 엄청 많이 쓰거든요. When she's answering technology questions. I could communicate with people all around the world. When she's answering an overseas trip question. I love to travel all around the world. When she's answering a coffee shop question. You know, I love to try different kinds of coffees from all around the world. 완전 에어 프레이즈 추천입니다. But these days it's a you know, it's a totally different story. It's a totally different story. Over here she made a little mistake of saying this in the wrong place of her answer. 이 프레이즈는 past에서 이제 present에 갈 때 하면은 엄청 좋거든요. 지금은 완전 다르다. 이런 느낌인데 하니는 약간 긴장해 가지고 이거를 엉뚱한 데 넣었네요. 근데 여기서 한 가지 되게 좋은 건 있어요. She says but these days. 그 다음에 갑자기 아무 말이 안 나와요. 그러니까 하니는 어떻게 합니까? 필러를 쓰면서 그 다음에 갑자기 생각이 나니까 그냥 바로 컨티뉴를 했어요. 이렇게 했으니까 이 sentence가 natural하게 들렸어요. She didn't focus on self correcting, but instead she focused on delivering her message. In the past, I had this tiny little phone slide phone which I don't even know which company it was from, but I could only use it to call and text my family and friends in Korea. 여기서 하니의 에어 스킬이 엄청 쩌네요. If you take a look over here, I had this tiny little phone. And then she describes a little more, slide phone. But I want to focus on the tiny little. 여러분, whenever you're talking about something small, and if you use these two words together, tiny little, it really makes you sound natural. I guess if you're talking about something big, you could do a very similar thing. 예를 들어서 I went to a pretty big humongous hotel last year and it was just amazing. 아, 그리고 여기는 조그맣다 조그맣다 emphasis를 하는 거잖아요. 근데 여기 두 번째 보면은 딴 것도 넣을 수도 있습니다. 예를 들어서 tiny awful phone, tiny amazing phone, tiny expensive phone. It's a very skillful way to add more detail without confusing the message. Now if you think about it, this is one long sentence. I already told you Honey is very good at making these long sentences with relative ease. And here she uses the word which twice. 근데 엄청 natural하게 들렸어요. Which I don't even know which company it was from. 그리고 여기 되게 honest했잖아요. 진짜 솔직히 그 company 이름을 기억을 안 난다. 이런 표현들을 이렇게 아무 때나 던질 수 있으면은 문장이 더 길게 되고 그리고 진짜 나는 스크립트가 없다. 느낌이 완전 납니다. Now in the main point she mentions that she's able to contact people all around the world. Here in her past answer, she gives a natural contrast by saying back then she was only able to talk with people within Korea. So the flow here is very nice. She's only talking about what she mentioned in the main point. 다른 얘기는 지금 안 하고 있습니다. So her focus is very very clear. Um, but today with my Galaxy Note 8, I use a lot of apps, but especially I use the Kakao app the most, which I use to uh call and video call my cousins in America. Okay, what I really love about this answer is that Honey is very good from going general to specific. 여기 first sentence에 보면은 I use a lot of apps. 그 다음에 especially 단어를 쓰면서 she says I use the Kakao app the most. 더 specific 갔잖아요. 여기 이제 present tense로 가는데 솔직하게 어, 나는 뭐 다른 apps를 쓰지만 근데 지금은 카카오에 대해서 말하고 싶다. 이 대답을 완전 컨트롤을 했어요. So what I'm trying to say is that her flow is very nice. 여기서 너무 다른 앱에 대해서 얘기하면은 약간 따라하기 힘들잖아요. 예를 들어서 어, 나는 요즘에 유튜브도 쓰고 카카오도 쓰고 그리고 어쩔 때는 뭐 카카오 택시도 쓰고 그리고 어쩔 때는 배달 앱도 쓰고. 근데 계속 그런 식으로 가면은 갑자기 그 message quality가 줄여지잖아요. Anyway, Honey uses which again because she's never satisfied with short sentences. She always wants to make it long. So she explains in full by giving a little more detail to finish this sentence. Which I use to call and video call my cousins in America. Amazing skill. Um, yeah, I don't know how I would be I would be able to live without my phone today, being unable to contact them through this Kakao app. All right, this is an excellent conclusion. If you are having some difficulty with conclusions, you could start by practicing using the words overall or I think overall. 그 다음에 어떤 feeling에 대해서 얘기한 걸 끝에 넣으세요. 하니의 대답은 카카오 너무 좋다고 얘기했잖아요. So I could say something like this. I think overall I really really love Kakao and I find it amazing how I can talk with anyone around the world. 그냥 대충 내가 말했던 거 다시 말하는 거예요. 이 단어들을 사용하면서 overall or I think overall. 근데 여기에서 이제 좀 더 업그레이드를 하고 싶다. 그러면 하니 한 것처럼 나는 이거 아니면 못 산다. 이거 없으면 못 살겠다. 딱 이런 식으로 하면 됩니다. 하니는 어떻게 했어요? I don't know how I would be able to live without my phone today. 그 다음에 설명을 더 했어요. Being unable to contact them through this Kakao app. Beautiful answer. 그리고 또 여기 에어 실력을 보세요. I would be. 그 다음에 갑자기 마인드가 멈췄어요. 그 다음에 다시 생각이 났어요. 그러니까 그 I would be를 repeat를 하면서 끝냈어요. I don't know how I would be 생각하면서 I would be able to live without my phone today. This is OPIc no jam. 외국인들한테 저의 나이가 뭐냐 물어보면은 맞출 수 있을까요? 그리고 맞추면은 제가 만 원 Starbucks gift card를 줄까요? 음! Boom! 아, excuse me, excuse me. I would love to give you a Starbucks gift card. I'll give you three chances. Get my age. That's all. What's the what's the name of your video? Oh, um, okay.

