Question 
I'd like to know about fashion in your country. What clothes do people wear in everyday life? What do they usually wear? Describe the fashion in your country in detail.

Answer 
Wow. Do you want me to talk about fashion in Korea? What a question. You can say Korean fashion is often considered to be some of the best in the world. With Seoul quickly becoming one of the fashion capitals in the world and definitely of Asia. Korean fashion is becoming more popular day by day. This effect is made by skyrocketing popularity of Korean media such as K-dramas and K-pop. On the other hand, it is often seen that young people wear pretty much the same clothes throughout the country. When you see everyone wearing the same clothes, it's creepy. Especially when some of them don't even pay much effort to choose the items and thus the final result is just like that. It seems to me that they're just trying to fit themselves into a mainstream so that they don't want to be standing out from something. That is how I see it. That is briefly what I think about fashion in Korea.

Feedback 
Starting with reactions like 'Wow' or 'What a question' is great for showing engagement. Confirming the topic with 'Do you want me to talk about fashion in Korea?' is a good strategy (note the natural 'wanna' pronunciation). Phrases like 'You can say...' help present information objectively. 'considered to be' is a good structure. 'fashion capitals' is excellent vocabulary. 'becoming more popular day by day' or 'on the rise' are good for trends. 'skyrocketing popularity' is strong vocabulary. Mentioning a downside with 'On the other hand' adds depth, suitable for higher levels. 'it is often seen that...' is useful for observations. 'pretty much the same clothes' is natural. 'creepy' is a strong, natural word for the feeling described; 'I get goosebumps' is an alternative. 'pay much effort' is slightly awkward; 'make an effort' or 'put in much effort' is more standard. 'fit into a mainstream' is a good idiom. 'standing out' is good vocabulary. Ending with 'That is how I see it' or 'That is briefly what I think about...' is a good way to summarize your viewpoint.

