Question 
You indicated in the survey that you listen to music. What kinds of music do you listen to? Who are some of your favorite musicians or composers?

Answer 
All right um Okay I don't normally listen to music actually but you know there is um there is only one singer that I listen to uh okay actually I actually started to listen to his song uh he I mean is actually the group and they are from America. Yeah the name is Backstreet Boys. Well I'm not sure you know uh this group or not because you know they are quite old group actually. Yeah you know what the reason why I listen to their music is because um simply I used to listen to their music when I was in middle school days. So you know whenever I listen to them, you know I I I simply can remind of my middle school days and you know they were so popular at that time. So yeah kind of I'm reminding of that days. I mean my teenager or something like that and you know yeah even though their songs are very old but it's still very good actually very very awesome. That's why you know I think I just keep listening to their music. So yeah it's just literally three three Anyways whatever yeah. Anyways I don't listen to music you know any other singer actually.

Feedback 
The start "All right um" is amazing and sounds natural. Using "actually" at the end of the sentence "I don't normally listen to music actually" is good; mixing up the placement of "actually" (beginning, middle, end) makes you sound less scripted. The frequency word "normally" is very good. When you get stuck, like saying "uh okay actually I actually started to listen to his song uh he I mean is actually the group", it's "stuck mode" or "blanking out" (not blacking out). To control the answer, think of one thing and say it quickly, like saying "Backstreet Boys" right away. A useful phrase when blanking out is "But you know what if I had to choose...". When mentioning the group, say the name "Backstreet Boys" first, then add details like they are a group from America. The expression "I'm not sure if you know them or not" is great. The phrase "when I was in middle school days" is a common mistake; it should be "when I was in my middle school days" or simply "when I was in middle school". Avoid "when I was middle school students". The reason given for listening to Backstreet Boys ("because I used to listen to their music when I was in middle school days") is not strong. Provide stronger reasons like they are sexy, have great voices, great lyrics, or style. A great expression that could be used is "It's a trip down memory lane". Overall, your English (vocabulary, sentences) is great, but the main point was not crystal clear and strong enough because the reason/feeling was weak. Mastering the main point is critical for a high mark.

