Question 
Please tell me about one of your ex-boyfriends.

Answer 
아, 씨. 어, tell, 어, one of my ex-boyfriends? Okay, so, You know what? I really hate to tell you about my ex-boyfriends because it's kind of very personal thing though, but if I had to, uh, the, well, I'm going to tell you the the worst guy I've ever met before. It was last year and then we actually, you know, had a very short-term relationship, like, you know, five months or six months. I don't even remember it, but the reason why we broke up is that, you know, he lied to me. He lied, uh, lied, you know, he lied, uh, he said to me like he went, I mean, he traveled to somewhere with uh, his family, but it turned out that, you know, he actually went um, went traveling with his friends. I really, I really didn't even uh, understand that why he lied that kind of, you know, stupid things. You know what? Uh, he should have just told me that oh, he traveled with his friends because I'm not the person, you know, who don't allow this kind of things. So, I really didn't understand that and I was kind of very big disappointed by, that's why we just broke up and the reason why I saying, you know, the, uh, he was the worst guy is that, you know, what I really hate about is, you know, is the lie. I mean, I really don't like someone who lied to me. Uh, yeah, that's so.

Feedback 
Okay, 주 님, 너무 잘했습니다. 여기 진심, 그 어이없다. 왜 이 질문을 나한테 물어봤냐? 그 진심 emotion 느꼈습니까? That right there, 여러분. That is strong pro silence. 여러분, I'm going to call it pro silence. 보통 학생들이 silence를 하면은 사실 영어 실력이 낮으든지, 아니면 막 문법 실력이 안 좋은지, 단어들 많이 모르는지 그런 상황으로 이제 silence가 됩니다. 근데 이렇게 pro silence도 있어요. 그 어이없는 그거 있잖아요. 그렇죠? 여기 너무 잘했습니다. Very, very good. You know what? I really hate to tell you about my ex-boyfriend. You know what? 이런 거 있잖아요. 너무 부드럽습니다. 자, 학생들이 이제 filler를 써야 된다. 그걸 아시잖아요. 왜냐하면 filler 쓸 때는 그냥 natural하게 느낍니다. So, fillers equals natural. 나는 스크립트가 없고 이 자리에 그냥 얘기하는 거다. 그게 느껴지잖아요. And so, 외국인 use a lot of fillers. You should use it a lot too. And 여기 이런 거는 advanced filler입니다. You know what? 에, 있잖아. 이런 거 있잖아. 있잖아. 이건 알아야 돼. 이런 느낌으로 you know what 하면서, um, and 여기 다음 sentence에 갔었습니다. I really hate to tell you about my ex-boyfriends. I really hate to tell you about. I really hate to tell you about. Good. Good sentence here. 다른 way로 보면은 I don't want to tell you about. I don't want to tell you about that mother, ger. That mother, That mother, ger. You know what I'm talking about, right? The, the MF, that MF, okay? I don't want to tell you about him. 이런 느낌으로 너무 잘 하고 있습니다. Because it's kind of very personal. Personal thing though, but Because 여기서 이제 그 이유까지 여러분, 이런 이유를 학생들이 많이 얘기 안 합니다. I don't want to tell you about him. 그, 보통 학생들은 여기서 끝내요. 그러면 왜 그렇게 느낍니까? 왜 얘기하기 싫습니까? 그 이유 있잖아요. 근데 주 님이 여기 이유까지 너무 잘 포함하고 있습니다. Because you know, it's kind of a personal thing. Wow, 여러분! Look at this! It's kind of a personal thing. 여러분, a personal thing. 이게 무슨 뜻이죠? A personal thing. What does that mean? 여러분, 이거는, you know, this, 이거, 이거는 private thing이잖아. 이런, 한국말로 어떻게 하는지 몰라 가지고. 잠시만요. Let me go ahead and look at, uh, a personal thing. 자. 개인적인 것. 그렇죠? 개인적인 것. You know what I'm talking about. 개인적인 것. That's right. It's a personal thing here. If I had to, 어, the, But you know, whatever, but if I had to, 그래도 아무튼 내가 하, 그냥 대답해야 되면, 이런 느낌 있잖아. But if I

