Question 
Talk about the first coffee shop you went to. What was special about that place? What do you remember most? One more time. Talk about the first coffee shop you went to. What was special about that place? What do you remember most?

Answer 
Oh, the first coffee shop. Are you fucking kidding me? Yeah. Who, who remember that? Okay, um, let's see. Let me tell you about just, um, my fav, my, um, first experience about the coffee shop in Australia. Yeah. Um, basically, I got really confused at the time because, um, you know what? I just tried to order, um, a cup of Americano. But, um, yeah. Actually, no one call Americano in Australia. So, yeah, that's why I got really confused. The cups, coffee's name is total different from here in Korea. So, um, let me elaborate. Last year, I just went to Australia and, you know, like as soon as I arrived at Sydney Airport, I just went to a Starbucks like immediately because, um, I would say I'm kind of, um, the coffee lover. But, um, when I entered the Starbucks, I was really shocked because I couldn't find any, um, the Americanos. Yeah, speaking of which, I just wanted to, um, have some Americano. So, I just, um, asked to their barista and, uh, she just kindly explained to me like, uh, nobody call Americano in Australia. Yeah, they just call Long Black like instead. So, um, I was like, can I please get a cup of Long Black? You know what I mean? So, um, overall, I get a, uh, drink a cup of Long Black. So, that was definitely my first experience, uh, about, uh, Long Black in my life and it was quite intense memory. Okay.

Feedback 
Yep. Now, um, good job here. And Okay. the, the next question, um, I want you to give me an answer that doesn't have anything to do with girls. I, I just, I'm just curious. Okay? Okay. Okay. So, I want to hear, uh, you know, even though I love your girl answers, I want to hear like a normal one and see how that sounds. Okay? Yeah, but, uh, I didn't mention like girl in my previous answer, right? That's true. That's true. I, I, I felt like you almost did, but, but you didn't. You, you controlled yourself. That's good. And so what I meant was, I want to hear another one just like this, okay? Alright. Yeah, sure. Just like, I want to hear like really pretend that you are taking the test and you're taking it seriously and, I mean, if you have to talk about girls, I guess you, then you have no choice, but Yeah. try not to, because I want to hear that answer, okay? Okay, okay. So, on this next one.

