Question 
Tell me about a memorable incident that happened at a coffee shop. What happened? Who was involved? How did you deal with the situation? Tell me everything about what happened from beginning to end. One more time. Tell me about a memorable incident that happened at a coffee shop. What happened? Who was involved? How did you deal with the situation? Tell me everything about what happened from beginning to end.

Answer 
Um, yeah, I have a terrible experience about that actually. You know, I just went to the Chinese style cafe, uh, when I was, when I live in Sydney, but, um, the thing, the thing was, um, you know, I couldn't order anything because of their menus. Yeah, there's no English menu, so I couldn't, you know, um, wrote the Chinese. Yeah, the menus were just all of the Chinese. Yeah, that was completely horrible and, uh, so listen, this is what happened, okay? Um, basically, I was in Sydney and just, you know, I, I just found a really, uh, famous cafe. Yeah, that was kind of the Chinese style cafe. And I once went to there with my friend. But, you know what, um, when I arrived there, I was completely shocked. Yeah, just because of their menus. Like I said, there wasn't any English menus. Yeah, the all of the menu were just all of the only Chinese. Yeah, I had no choice but to, um, ask to their staff, but, um, yeah, that was most horrible thing, like yeah, they couldn't English at all. So, of course, I just, um, tried to, um, you know, using my smartphone, so and then search on the internet, but yeah, I, I overall, yeah, I got faked. So, um, maybe that was really famous, right, um, cafe, but, um, since that, I never been there, like ever. Excellent.

Feedback 
Alright. Benyang, thank you so much for your time. No worries, mate. Okay, all three answers. You know, are you sweating right now? Yeah, I'm just going to took on my tea just like, you know what I mean? Yeah, man. It's too hot. Yeah, you, you must be feeling very hot, you know, answering three questions with me. Uh, but I'm going to do my best to, uh, give you the feedback. I'm obviously not going to finish today. Um, however, I, I am thinking about editing this later, um, and then, you know, trying to help you out even more. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, can I use this, you know, for like a normal video later? Yeah, of course. Why not? Yeah. I, I appreciate that, Benyang. Okay? So, I'm definitely going to try my best. Benyang, thanks again. We'll talk later. My pleasure. Take care, man. Alright. Peace. Peace out.

