Question 
You indicated in the survey that you stay at home for vacations. Who are the people you would like to see and spend time with on your vacation?

Answer 
vacation at home. Alright. Um I'm living with my family at home. So whether I like it or not, I have to see my family during vacation. Um and it made me so annoyed because um as I already told you before, I'm not that outgoing person. So I prefer to spend my own time rather than spending time with someone. So I prefer the things like um just seeing YouTube, watching YouTube or listening music, or just searching the internet, something like that. But with family, it's so hard because yeah, my family all always want to yeah, keep talking with me. Um so I really hope I can buy my own house in the future.

Feedback 
The opening 'vacation at home. Alright.' is good for showing thought process. 'I'm living with my family at home' could be improved to 'I'm currently living with my parents' or 'I live with my parents these days' as 'family' is general and 'at home' is redundant. 'So whether I like it or not, I have to see my family during vacation' is a good expression, but 'see my family' could be 'be with my parents' or 'have no choice but to be with my parents'. 'it made me so annoyed' should be 'it makes me so annoyed' for habit category, or 'it annoys me so much'. 'I'm not that outgoing person' could be 'I'm not that outgoing' or 'I'm not an outgoing person'. Adding 'at all' or using 'extroverted' are options. 'So I prefer to spend my own time rather than spending time with someone' could be 'So I prefer to be by myself' or 'So I prefer to spend time alone'. 'rather than spending time' is better as 'rather than spend time with someone else'. 'I prefer the things like' is better as 'I prefer watching YouTube or listening to music'. 'seeing YouTube' self-correction to 'watching YouTube' is good. 'listening music' needs 'to'. 'But with family, it's so hard because yeah, my family all always want to yeah, keep talking with me' could be 'But with my family, it's so hard because yeah, my family always wants to yeah, you know, keep talking with me'. Alternative: 'But I can't do anything with my parents around. They always want to talk with me.' Adding 'I mean, don't get me wrong. I love them to death. But sometimes I just need to be alone' is a good conclusion option. 'And so I really hope I can buy my own house in the future' could be 'And so I really hope I can move out soon' or 'And so I really want to get out of here soon'.

