Question 
What is your typical day like at a gym? What kind of exercise do you like to do? Please tell me everything you do from the beginning to the end.

Answer 
I go to a pretty amazing gym because I want a pretty amazing body, if that makes any sense. And so, whenever I go to a gym, I really focus on my legs because great looking legs make a person look attractive. The thing is, I do other things as well, of course, before going ham on my legs. So, I also warm up. I do some cardio, and I do a little bit of upper body workout as well. But the main thing that I focus on whenever I go to a gym, it's definitely my legs. I have chicken legs, they aren't all that attractive. And so, I'm trying to really improve that. And because I'm so fixated on how skinny my legs are, and so I'm turning out to be a bit of a what? A gym rat. I'm actually intrigued by that because I never thought I could ever turn out this way. But now that I'm actively going, maybe at least four days a week, I'm starting to enjoy it. And so, my gym is amazing. I feel like my motivation has become just as amazing. And so, hopefully my legs will follow that path of amazingness.

Feedback 
This answer follows the SMART strategy. S (Start): Starts by stating the main point (MP) which is focusing on legs at an amazing gym. Uses repetition ('amazing') and phrases like 'if that makes any sense' and 'and so' for natural flow. M (Mention): Mentions related examples of other exercises done before focusing on legs (warm up, cardio, upper body). Uses 'The thing is' and 'as well' to introduce other activities. 'Going ham' is explained as meaning 'hard' or 'seriously'. A (Address): Returns to the MP (legs) and explains why it's important ('chicken legs', 'aren't all that attractive', 'trying to improve that'). Notes the use of 'aren't' as a natural contraction and 'all that' for emphasis. R (Reflect): Reflects on what has been learned or realized (becoming a 'gym rat', being 'intrigued' by this change, 'never thought I could ever turn out this way', starting to 'enjoy it'). T (Tie): Ties everything back to the MP and summarizes the overall message (gym is amazing, motivation is amazing, hoping legs become amazing). Uses repetition of 'amazing' and the creative noun 'amazingness' to conclude smoothly.

