Question 
Tell me about your first trip to another country or city. When did you go? Where did you visit? What did you do there? Who did you go with? Tell me about that trip with lots of details.

Answer 
About my first trip. You know, I have a terrible experience when I went to USA because I lost in New York and you know, I was scared about that. You know, I went to New York last year alone and watching musical Lion King. And I wanted to go home and my Airbnb was located in New Jersey, so I had to go bus terminal. So I took a survey and maybe after 15 minutes, I felt something weird. You know, someone was looking at me, so I was shocked. You know why? Uh please don't get me wrong. I'm not racist, but there were so many black guys. So, you know, I just opened Google Apps and I found that I was way to Harlem. So, you know, I was very scared, so I just ran out as outside and I found a Dunkin Donuts. So, you know, I just ran out ran into there and I explained my situation about that and the staff helped me go home safe. You know, this is the most, I mean, this is the most unforgettable experience when I went to USA.

Feedback 
Your main point needs to be clearer and stated earlier, ideally within 20 seconds, including the reason it was a terrible experience (getting lost). Your second attempt was much better as you focused on getting lost and provided a reason. The transition from feeling watched to realizing you were on the wrong line was good. The phrase "please don't get me wrong. I'm not racist, but..." was very effective and engaging. Consider using the word "intimidate" or "intimidating" to describe feeling scared or uncomfortable by someone's presence. Your emotion, flow, and unscripted feel are good. For the "first trip" part of the question, you can practice saying "I don't really remember my first overseas experience, but New York was definitely one of my first" either at the beginning or later in your answer. Practice stating the main point (getting lost) right from the start.

