Question 
How did you first get interested in music? What kind of music did you listen to when you were young? How was that music different from the music you listen to today? How has your interest in music changed over the years?

Answer 
Interesting. I would have to say my biggest influence in music was probably growing up in my mother's house. My mother was a disco girl. So she loved a lot of disco. Um, and at that time that was really popular, you know, uh, Hall and Oates. This is mid 80s. You know, uh, Simon and Garfunkel, Paul Simon, um, Jim Croce. And I I would consider that folk music. So I like I really like folk music. And now I think that folk music has led me into getting into more into jazz because it's it's very similar. Jazz and the folk music. And the jazz led me into hip hop and now I've become a hip hop fan. So I think overall because my mom introduced me to folk music, it led me into jazz and then finally into hip hop which is now my love.

Feedback 
The use of 'Interesting' at the beginning is a good strategy to show you're thinking, but including a word from the question like 'Music. Um. Interesting.' is even better. The phrase 'I would have to say' is excellent, very natural and smooth. 'My biggest influence' and 'probably' add precision and sound good. 'Growing up in my mother's house' is very accurate and shows duration. Be mindful of overusing 'I remember' or 'when it comes to' at the beginning, as they can sound scripted; try putting them in the middle of sentences instead. The strategic pause in 'My mother was a a disco girl' is natural and shows thinking. Using 'disco girl' instead of just 'liked disco' is more natural (using 'girl/guy/person' is good). Excellent use of combo fillers like 'Um, and uh', 'You know, uh', and 'Um, you know, uh' to show you are thinking naturally. The strategic pauses and repetitions like 'And I I' and 'I like I really like' are also very natural strategies. 'Led me into' is a great expression to show progression. 'Become a hip hop fan' is a good way to express strong liking. Starting the summary with 'So I think overall' is very smooth and effective. Ending with 'which is now my love' is a strong and natural conclusion.

