Question 
이제 곧 본격적으로 시험의 시작합니다. 준비되셨나요? 이제 시작합니다. Let's start the interview now. Tell me about yourself. You indicated in the survey that you prefer to stay home during vacations. How do you spend your vacations at home? What do you usually do, and why do you like to stay at home? Who usually visits you when you're on vacation? Use as many details as possible to describe it. Tell me about the last time you stayed at home for your vacation. What did you do at home? Who were you with? Explain the vacation from the first to the last day. Have you ever had a memorable or unforgettable experience at home when you were a child? What did you do? Who were you with? What happened? And how did you deal with it? Please explain this experience in detail. I'd like to know about the popular technologies in your country these days. What kinds of technology do people use the most often? What are some commonly used technology there? Explain it in detail. Can you explain all the technologies such as a cell phone or computer that you enjoy using most these days? What is it? Why do you use this? Please compare the present technology with past technology. What are the differences between them, and how have they affected? How has technology changed over time? You indicated in the survey that you like to go walking. How often do you go walking? When and where do you normally go walking? Please describe your routine when you are walking. Now, tell me why you started walking at first. When did you start walking regularly? Explain how did you first become interested in walking. Have you ever had a particularly memorable experience while walking? What was it? When and where did you go walking? Who did you go with? What happened, and how did you feel? Tell me about the experience from beginning to end. There's a situation I need you to act out. Let's suppose that you're at a furniture store and found something you like. Approach the store manager and ask a few questions about that piece of furniture. I'm sorry there's a problem that I need you to resolve. Let's assume that you received furniture, but it's not what you wanted. Call the store, explain the situation. And ask for two or three solutions to solve the problem. How did recycling work when you were young? Has it changed now? What is the recycling situation like in your country? Tell me about some articles you have recently seen about recycling in the news. What was the issue? What did you think when you heard of it? Use as many details as possible to explain it.

Answer 
학생의 답변이 제공되지 않았습니다.

Feedback 
학생의 답변이 제공되지 않아 피드백을 생성할 수 없습니다. 답변을 제공해주시면 문법, 어휘, 발음, 유창성 등에 대한 구체적인 피드백을 제공해 드리겠습니다.

