Question 
Describe a time you experienced a unique aspect of Korean culture or tried something new related to Korean life.

Answer 
Yo Sam, I know you're Korean but you're not really Korean, right? Tyrone, I know exactly what you mean and I totally agree with you. Well, if that's the case, I have the perfect idea to make you fully Korean right away. Really? Well, you sound pretty confident. What's the idea? Well Sam, before I tell you, you have to promise me. Are you willing to try new things and embrace this Korean culture? Yes, Tyrone, I have that Nike mentality. Just do it. So what is on your mind? All right Sam, let's go to a 목욕탕 together. What? There is no way that I'm gonna go to a 목욕탕 with you. No way. Well, why not Sam? Did you know that Koreans love to go to a 목욕탕? I feel that it is my duty to take you to a 목욕탕 and help you know what Korea is all about. Well, I don't know man. It's a complete sausage fest over there and I don't know if I'm comfortable being surrounded by so many naked men. Sam, stop being a little baby. You're such a homophobe. 니 거는 큰 거 아닌 거 알아. 조금하고 귀여운 거 알아. 근데 진짜 한국 사람이라면 목욕탕을 한 번은 가야 돼. 형 말을 좀 들어 봐라. All right Tyrone, all right. YOLO it is, right? Let's go for it.

Feedback 
The feedback section explains 14 English expressions used in the dialogue to help beginner English learners practice. It covers: 1. if that's the case/in that case (그렇다면), contrasting with 'case by case'. 2. right away/immediately/pronto/ASAP (당장, 지금 바로), explaining the coolness of ASAP. 3. pretty (좀), usable in many contexts. 4. I have that Nike mentality/Just do it (긍정적인 마음, 할 수 있다), explaining the meaning of 'mentality'. 5. let's go/let's get it (가자, 하자). 6. no way/no way, Jose (절대로 안 돼), noting 'No way, Jose' as a common alternative. 7. is all about (진짜 이런 데다, conclusion feeling). 8. sausage fest (남탕). 9. comfortable (편하다) vs convenient (편리하다). 10. surrounded (주변에 엄청 있다). 11. little baby (아기 같다, 겁쟁이). 12. homophobe (게이나 레즈비언을 싫어하는 사람), mentioning the opposite is straight. 13. YOLO (You only live once - 인생은 한 번뿐), noting it's less common now but still usable. 14. let's go for it (하자, 해 보자), similar to 'let's go' but showing confidence.

