Question 
Tell me about your experience recently at a bar. Tell me everything that happened.

Answer 
Yeah. Um, a couple weeks ago, I saw my ex-boyfriend in the bar. Yeah, it was a shock to me because, um, since we broke up, we had never seen each other for maybe two or three years. And I was embarrassed because I was sitting a chair with my boyfriend. And and I don't I didn't know what do I do and he was stare me. He was still stare me and all of a sudden he approached to me and said hello. And and I also said hello and it was so awkward and I just run out outside with boyfriend.

Feedback 
Okay. All right. Let's stop it there. Very good. But you know what? Hey, this was actually not bad. All right. Uh, your main point was actually quite good. All right. Uh, everything was clear. You were shocked. You know, you didn't know what to do. And then Hyojung continued that answer. Now, Hyojung, you said the word embarrassed, okay? Now, again, remember, usually Koreans use this word incorrectly. When they say embarrassed, uh, what did you mean by this, Hyojung? 당황스럽다. 당황스럽다, right? Um, 당황스럽다 is more like shocked. Shocked? Right? Embarrassed is like uh 쪽팔리다? 아. Right? Something like that. So, a lot of Koreans make a mistake here. Um, so yeah, don't get confused with this word. Embarrassed is like 부끄럽다 or 쪽팔리다. Very different from 당황스럽다, right? 아. I didn't know that. Oh, yeah. Haley, for you, whenever I hear your answers, I feel that, um, you know, your main point is not strong yet, okay? Um, okay. So, what I want you to try is, you know, next time when you are practicing for OPIc, try to kind of uh answer 10 past experience questions, okay? Okay. 10 of them and not the whole answer, just the main point. Oh, okay. Okay. And then ask yourself, did I do all three things? What am I talking about? How do I feel? Good or bad? And why do I feel that way? Okay? Did I do all three? Now, if you do 10 in a row, okay, now your main point is getting better. Oh, okay. But if you did if you if you're doing 10 and then you do five good and then the sixth one, oh, the main point not so good, okay, you got to start from the beginning again. It takes a lot of training, but when you do this, all of a sudden your main point will become more powerful, okay?

