Question 
Tell me about the banks in your country. What do they typically look like? Where are they usually located?

Answer 
Um bank. Yeah. Korean bank. Bank in Korea here is located in city, you know? Um just imagine. Uh the same, you country, Korea bank is same, you know? Um uh yeah, I think the subway around the subway is located in bank, you know? Okay, stop.

Feedback 
Let's break down your first answer about banks.

1.  "Um bank. Yeah. Korean bank."
    *   Using "bank" in singular form repeatedly sounds a bit unnatural when talking about banks in general. It's better to use the plural form "banks".
    *   Try: "Um, banks. Yeah, Korean banks."

2.  "Bank in Korea here is located in city, you know?"
    *   Again, use the plural "Banks".
    *   "in city" should be "in the city" or "in cities" if you mean multiple cities.
    *   "here" is okay, but could be smoother.
    *   "you know?" is a filler. While okay sometimes, overuse can be distracting.
    *   Try: "Banks in Korea are located in the city, you know?" or "Banks here in Korea are typically located in cities."

3.  "Um just imagine. Uh the same, you country, Korea bank is same, you know?"
    *   "Just imagine" doesn't quite fit here as you're not asking the interviewer to imagine something specific you're about to describe.
    *   "the same, you country" is grammatically incorrect. It should be "the same as in your country" or "the same as your country's banks".
    *   "Korea bank is same" should be "Korean banks are the same" or "it's the same in Korea".
    *   Try: "Um, I imagine it's the same in your country, you know? Korean banks are probably similar."

4.  "Um uh yeah, I think the subway around the subway is located in bank, you know?"
    *   "around the subway" is a bit redundant. You mean near subway stations.
    *   "is located in bank" should be "are located near banks" or "banks are located near subway stations".
    *   Again, use the plural "banks".
    *   Try: "Um, yeah, I think banks are usually located around subway stations, you know?"

Overall:
*   You attempted to answer the question within the time limit, which is good.
*   You used short sentences, which can be helpful, but the grammar needs significant work.
*   Focus on using plural nouns when talking about things in general (banks, cities, etc.).
*   Work on prepositions (in, near, around) and verb agreement (is/are).
*   Try to make your points clearer (e.g., banks are located near subway stations because it's convenient).

