Question 
Tell me about your taste in music and your experiences with live concerts.

Answer 
My best friend Kim and I have the same taste in music. We usually go for a drink and share our feelings about the concert. I like to attend the concerts of my favorite singers. I like musicians who play hip-hop and dance music. I may not be able to see them in person ever again in my life. I often go to classic concerts like symphony or piano recitals. Since then, I've become a huge fan of live concerts. At the concert hall, we saw many Korean musicians came to see Lady Gaga. She was actually really good at singing and the concert was amazing. Kim and I were so impressed and I definitely want to go to see her again.

Feedback 
Overall, this is a good answer that covers various aspects of your music and concert experiences. You clearly express your preferences and share a specific, memorable experience (Lady Gaga concert). Good use of descriptive words like "amazing" and "impressed". However, there are a few points that could improve the flow and grammar: 1. The transition between liking hip-hop/dance music and going to classic concerts is a bit abrupt. You could mention that you enjoy a wide range of music. 2. The sentence "Since then, I've become a huge fan of live concerts" seems to refer to the Lady Gaga concert, but it appears before the detailed description of it. Consider placing this sentence after describing the Lady Gaga experience to make the timeline clearer. 3. In the sentence "At the concert hall, we saw many Korean musicians came to see Lady Gaga," the grammar needs a slight correction. It should be "we saw many Korean musicians *who came* to see Lady Gaga" or "we saw many Korean musicians *attending* the Lady Gaga concert." 4. The phrase "go to see her again" is understandable, but "go see her again" or simply "see her again" is more natural in spoken English. 5. Phrases like "share our feelings about the concert" could be more naturally phrased as "talk about the concert" or "discuss the concert."

