Question 
Please tell me about the most memorable experience you had with your neighbors.

Answer 
Let me see. Well, I was getting back from a walk on my track near my house. I was taking the elevator up to my apartment when the lady who lives in lives on the second floor got on the elevator using her the latest smartphone Samsung Galaxy S. I have been considering buying a new cell phone. So I asked her some questions. She was very kind and gave me a lots of useful information on that. Eventually, I bought a new one. It is such a beauty. I love it so much.

Feedback 
Let me see. Well: Lacks confidence, sounds memorized/robotic. Fillers should sound natural. I was getting back from a walk on my track near my house: 'on my track' is awkward, suggests ownership. 'I was getting back from...' is a good phrase for returning from shopping/dining/jogging. I was taking the elevator up to my apartment: 'I was' is dragged out, sounds too innocent. Should be quicker. when the lady who lives in lives on the second floor: Good use of 'when' (high level). Self-correction ('lives in' to 'lives on') lowers score. Better to just move on. using her the latest smartphone Samsung Galaxy S: 'using her the latest smartphone' should be a smooth chunk. Good use of 'using' (ing after sentence means 'while doing'). 'Samsung Galaxy S' sounds too stiff, needs stronger emphasis. I have been considering buying a new cell phone: Excellent use of 'I have been considering + ing' (thinking about doing something), a rare tense usage (1% level). So I asked her some questions: Pause after 'some' is too long. Suggests unfamiliarity. Should be a smoother chunk like 'I asked her some questions about it'. She was very kind and gave me a lots of useful information on that: 'a lots of' is wrong, should be 'lots of'. Native speakers emphasize the quantity. Eventually I bought a new one: Good use of 'eventually'. It is such a beauty. I love it so much: Good expression for liking an object. Overall: Lacks confidence, lacks liveliness, sounds robotic. Robotic feel prevents IH. Needs to sound human, emotional, lively. Makes mistakes and corrects them.

