Question 
Tell me about the cafes or coffee houses in your community.

Answer 
Oh, cafes. There are so many cafes near my home. Starbucks, Ediya, Twosome Place, but there is one place that I like because this place is like my home. What I like this place is this is not a franchise, so there aren't many people. So it is cozy and I feel relaxed, so I like go there. But you know what? I already told you in my introduction, but they usually play K-pop songs that I like. So I really appreciate it.

Feedback 
Good job acknowledging the topic 'cafes' and using the word from the question. Try pronouncing 'Cafes' more clearly. Using phrases like 'cafes around my area' is good. Your opening 'Oh my, where do I begin?' is very natural. Saying 'There are so many cafes' is good; you could also use 'myriads of', 'tons of', or 'loads of'. Note that many native speakers use 'there's' even with plural nouns in casual speech, which is natural for a speaking test, but technically 'there are' is correct. For higher levels, add descriptive phrases like 'ubiquitous' or 'scattered everywhere'. When mentioning a specific place, try to name it, e.g., 'It's called Coffee Land'. Your use of the simile 'like my home' is excellent for description. Remember the three key points for description: What is it? How do you feel about it? Why? Your answer covers these. Using 'makes me feel' is a good alternative to 'I feel'. There's a grammar issue in 'they are all of franchise'; it should be 'they are usually all franchises' or 'most of them are franchises'. Your pronunciation of 'Korea' is good. Be careful with the pronunciation of 'all' (should be /ɔːl/). 'What I like this place is' should be 'What I like about this place is that'. 'there aren't many people' is good; for higher levels, try 'it's not overflowing with too many customers'. Your pronunciation of 'people' is good. Extending your sentence with 'and I feel relaxed' is better than just 'and relaxing'. The grammar in 'I like go there' is incorrect; it should be 'I like to go there' or 'I like going there'. To add more feeling, elaborate like 'I mean it's just so relaxing whenever I'm there'. Try mixing up 'so' with 'that's why'. Connecting to your introduction about K-pop songs is a great strategy for boosting your score, especially in habit questions. For a stronger conclusion, you could add a phrase like 'You know, it's funny... sometimes I can't even tell whether I'm at home or at a cafe'.

