Question 
Tell me about the weather in your country. Are there different seasons? What is the weather like in each season?

Answer 
Yeah, guess what? There are four different um seasons uh in Korea, like you know, spring, summer, fall and winter. Yeah, you name it. And the features of each season are completely different uh in terms of the weather part, but I'm not gonna mention all the details because they are pretty, you know, pretty similar as the other countries which has four seasons as well. Anyway, personally, I like uh spring the most because um not only it's warm weather, but also I have many chances to, you know, see the various types of flower everywhere, uh which makes me feel, you know, so excited and also, you know, relieve my um built-up stress from the work. So overall, living in Korea is pretty good to, you know, you have many chances to discover all the different, you know, seasons.

Feedback 
This student's answer overall has quite a nice flow to it. She's talking constantly and uses a lot of fillers. Now, although she does use a lot of fillers, which is a very good thing, I still feel that she didn't use enough filler combos. And because of that, I'm gonna give her an X here because I'm telling you, if she were to use more filler combos, her answer would have been even smoother. I will give her points for constant speaking because there was not a moment that she stopped, which was actually quite impressive. If you take a look at her main point though, it's definitely around the 30-second mark, which means her main point isn't quite the AL level yet. Let me explain why. Yeah, guess what? There are four different um seasons uh in Korea, like you know, spring, summer, fall and winter. Yeah, you name it. What I love about this student is that she constantly tries to act natural by using some relatively advanced expressions whenever she's practicing. Sometimes she hits the nail on the head, but other times she requires a little bit of tweaking. But I love the effort. She never gives up. Unfortunately, in this case, this beginning part, "Guess what?" was a little bit awkward here. "Guess what?" is an excellent expression and you use it to kind of surprise the listener. You're kind of expecting that the listener doesn't know what you're gonna say next. But in this case, you're talking about four seasons and because your listener will know what you're gonna talk about, "Guess what?" here becomes a little bit unnatural. Now if I change this up a little bit and said something like this: "Guess what? You know, Korea actually has only two seasons, winter and summer. The spring and fall, they're so short that we could pretty much say there is no spring and fall." In this case, there was an element of surprise and so "Guess what?" became quite natural. Now when students are talking about the four seasons, they always say the same thing, right? I know the question is asking about seasons, but you don't have to identify each type of season, especially in the beginning. You're gonna waste a lot of time. Remember, if your goal is AL, your main point needs to be 20 seconds. If you spend time mentioning every single season: winter, spring, summer, fall, and as well, if you are not quick at doing that, you're gonna waste precious time in making your main point more direct and better. So instead of saying, you know, Korea has four different seasons: spring, summer, fall, winter, you could simply say, you know, Korea has four seasons. And that's it. Four seasons already implies winter, spring, summer, fall. So you don't need to identify each one of them. And then as you say Korea has four seasons, you could go directly to which season is your preferred one. Way smoother, way more natural. So something like this: You know, Korea has four seasons and you know what? We definitely have very beautiful springs here. I really love spring in Korea. Boom. Now let's take a look at this part. Yeah, you name it. Again, a very natural expression, but a little bit awkward right over here because you use this expression, "You name it," when you have an ongoing list. In this case, we have a list of four different things, seasons. It's not ongoing. It ends there. So then using "You name it" becomes awkward. But if you say something like, you know, I really love spring because of the weather, the blossoming flowers, the ability to go out more, you name it. This was a list that was not finished, but I ended it with "You name it" to indicate that, oh wow, this list will go on and on. So if this student here does a little bit of tweaking with this expression, oh, she's gonna sound so good. And the features of each season are completely different uh in terms of the weather part, but I'm not gonna mention all the details because they are pretty, you know, pretty similar as the other countries which has four seasons as well. Over here, and the features of each season are completely different. And yeah, she tries to explain each different season, but like I said, we don't have time. And so if you are not very efficient with explaining this, I would just skip all of this and go directly to what you want to say. Remember, your main point is absolutely crucial, especially for AL. You're trying to make it under 20 seconds. But saying all this really adds a lot of time and it risks a garbled message. So as you can see, all of this could have been skipped or maybe even mentioned in the conclusion. But if she went directly to this, personally, I like spring the most, then definitely she would have got points for her main points here. Anyway, personally, I like uh spring the most because um not only it's warm weather, but also I have many chances to, you know, see the various types of flower everywhere, uh which makes me feel, you know, so excited and also, you know, relieve my um built-up stress from the work. Now over here, this is a very long sentence. It's actually quite impressive and she has some good feeling words: excited, relieved. But the problem is her main point is a little bit too general. It's not focused on one thing. It's actually many things. And like I said, in general conversation, you can of course talk like this. It's no problem because you have all the time in the world and you're having an interaction. But in OPIC, there is no interaction. So you have to be very mindful of the time that you have. So your goal is to be very concise. Talk about one thing. I keep mentioning this. Talk about that one thing and how do you feel about that one thing. Here, this student is talking about many things. Let's take a look. Anyway, personally, I like spring the most because not only because of its warm weather, but also I have many chances to, you know, see the various types of flowers, flowers with an "s," everywhere, uh which makes me feel, you know, so excited, blah blah blah. Okay, fine. Maybe I was exaggerating a little bit. She talks about two very distinct, separate things here: warm weather and flowers. But what I'm trying to tell you is that if she were to just talk about warm weather or just about flowers, it would have been a lot easier for us to understand and the ending would naturally just be smoother. Now there's a way to actually combine these two different topics together as long as one is bigger than the other. So for example, if you want to focus on warm weather, you could say something like this: You know, I really love spring because of its warm weather and since it's so warm, the flowers start to blossom and I think that's just beautiful. I connected the flowers part to warm weather and I made that connection obvious. Let's say my focus was flowers and I want to use warm weather to make my flower point even bigger. If you wanna do that, you could do something like this: Personally, I love spring because of the beautiful flowers. I love how the warm weather makes the flowers blossom in just the most beautiful way. Connection, natural, AL. Now having said all this, there's just something so wonderful that this student does. Take a look at this sentence: I have many chances to see flowers. Many chances, just so natural and gives very intricate details just by using these two words: many chances. And also, let's take a look at this sentence: Built-up stress from work. Not just stress from work, but this stress got bigger and bigger. It started to pile up on each other to the point where it became massive. She describes this by again saying something so simple: built-up stress. You know, overall, this sentence is quite feeling focused here. I could tell that she's really trying to express how she feels about this and because of that, I would definitely give it an O here. And yes, I guess she could have used a little more feeling words, but at least she didn't repeat the same words over and over again. So personally, I would still give her an O here as well. There was also definitely no Korean and no rigid English either. Yes, she had some expressions where it was a little bit awkward, but it wasn't rigid. Rigid is that very bubbly, very formal, very business English, very hunch English, if you know what I'm saying. But here overall, she tried to be very natural and so I was actually quite impressed with her flow. And last but not least, there was definitely no script. So overall, she did a very fantastic job. Okay, now listen up. If you are just missing one thing from this list, your chance of getting AL is minimized. Not impossible, but your chances will definitely be reduced. If you have all the points here on this list, you will definitely get AL. Okay, now let's take a look at our last sentence, her conclusion. So overall, living in Korea is pretty good to, you know, you have many chances to discover all the different, you know, seasons. So overall, living in Korea is pretty good to have many chances to discover all the different seasons. This is a very general conclusion and of course it's better than no conclusion, but let me help you see more of an AL conclusion. So overall, if you must come to Korea, come during the spring or else you're just simply wasting money. A little bit of humor here makes this conclusion so much better. Definitely AL. Now if you want to increase your English even more and if you want to go for that AL plus, then you could say, or else you're just simply throwing money down the drain. This is a very wannabe idiom for you to practice. Boom.

