Question 
What do you normally do when you go to coffee shops? Do you have meetings or gatherings there? Tell me what you like to do.

Answer 
So, when I go to the coffee house or the coffee uh cafe, I frequently go alone. Um most of the time, I'm going there to study. or just to relax and um recoup from the day um from the stress of the day. Uh for sometimes I also go there just just um to socialize with maybe one or two friends. Sometimes I also go there blah blah blah. Um we usually just have grab a cup of coffee or tea and just talk um not nothing serious. Uh just um relieve our mind, our stress. And overall, I do I enjoy going to the coffee house. The atmosphere is beautiful. It's um well, not always quiet, but always um inviting and comfortable. Thank you.

Feedback 
시작이 너무 좋았어요. 질문에 있는 단어들을 쓰고 있죠. I frequently go alone. Um most of the time, I'm going there to study. 여기 대답에 frequently를 썼잖아요. 너무 좋았어요. 보통 한국 학생들은 usually를 쓰잖아요. usually는 보통. frequently는 자주. 그러니까 여기 frequently 단어가 좀 더 accurate하고 부드러웠어요. I often 단어도 그렇게 써도 됐는데 내가 오픽에서는 frequently가 되게 좋아요. 그리고 여기 most of the time 그렇게 썼잖아요. Most of the time I go there to study. 막 이렇게 말했는데 frequently하고 most of the time하고 그거 쓰면은 약간 그 time 관리에 이렇게 설명하면서 되게 descriptive하니까 오픽에서는 너무 좋아요. or just to relax and um recoup from the day um from the stress of the day. Uh for sometimes I also go there just just um to socialize with maybe one or two friends. Sometimes I also go there blah blah blah. 너무 좋았어요. 한 번 더. Sometimes I also go there. 여기는 처음으로 대답할 때는 I frequently 혼자 간다 이렇게 말했잖아요. I frequently go to coffee shops alone. 이렇게 말했는데 근데 여기에서 그냥 끝날 수도 있었어요. 보통 학생들은 거기에서 그냥 끝나잖아요. 근데 솔직히 더 말하려면은 그 내가 말한 걸로 이제 contrast로 opposite으로 이렇게 말하면은 어떻게 될까? 딱 이분은 이렇게 했었습니다. I frequently 혼자 갔는데 근데 어쩔 때는 나는 친구들하고 같이 간다. Sometimes I go with my friends. 막 이렇게 말했잖아요. 오픽에는 그런 contrast로 하면은 너무 좋아요. 예를 들어서 last year I went to Japan and it was amazing. You know, blah blah blah blah blah. 좋은 부분, 좋은 부분 이렇게 막 말하고 있는데 그다음에 contrast를 해요. But you know, one thing I didn't like about Japan, it was just too expensive. 좋은 부분을 이렇게 얘기하고 있는데 거기에 끝날 수도 있잖아요. 그다음에 그냥 contrast로 하면은 어 근데 여기는 약간 좀 안 좋았다. 근데 거의 좋았다. 이렇게 말하면은 connection이 너무 좋고 오픽에서 좋은 strategy입니다. Um we usually just have grab a cup of coffee or tea and just talk um not nothing serious. Uh just um relieve our mind, our stress. And overall, I do I enjoy going to the coffee house. The atmosphere is beautiful. It's um well, not always quiet, but always um inviting and comfortable. Thank you. You did very well. Thank you very much. (Good start using question words. Excellent use of 'frequently' and 'most of the time' for description. Great use of 'Sometimes I also go there' to introduce a contrast (alone vs. with friends), which is a good OPIc strategy. Good conclusion with 'Overall' and description of atmosphere.)

