Question 
I like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You see a sign at your favorite store that says that they are having a big sale. Go to the store and ask three or four questions to get as much information as possible about the sale.

Answer 
Hello, sorry but how is this price? I want to buy this new one. Oh, 50% sales on this one. So what is this cost? I real cost. Oh, $100. So now this is $50, right? This is really interesting. Uh, well, I want to I have to buy a new jeans but well because well, it is really good but well design this jean design is really not pretty much to me. So can I can I see can I see other other jeans? I mean other design jeans. Oh, thank you very much. And well, like I mean, but the jeans, but the color is black. I want that. Oh, they have no. That's too sad. Okay, then how about the brown one? Oh, brown one is there. Okay, then can I see them? Okay, that's good. Okay. Oh, so then how how much is it? Oh, it's not selling. Oh, it's really sad. Okay. So how much is it? Oh, it's only $70. Well, sir, sorry, but can I go I I mean, I want to see another design from the other place. So can uh so I'm sorry. Oh, can you sell this brown jeans? Okay, how much? Oh, same as the blue jeans. Okay, then I'll take it. Thank you.

Feedback 
First question: "Hello, sorry but how is this price?" -> "Hello, sorry, but how much is this jean?" or "How much are these jeans?" (plural is better for jeans). Recommendation: Start with a general explanation like "Hi there. I see that all your jeans are on sale." then ask the first question. Add a '추가 느낌' (additional feel) to questions, e.g., "How much is that one? I'm very curious." or "How much is the sale? Is it 10%?". After the first question and answer, show reaction/감정 (emotion), e.g., "Oh 50%! That's amazing!" or "Are you serious?". Then ask the second question. "So what is this cost? I real cost." -> "So what's the actual price? Like how much do I have to pay?". Again, add '추가 느낌' like "Like how much do I have to pay?". Show reaction to the answer, e.g., "Interesting." or "50 bucks. Interesting. Quite cheap." or "cheaper than I thought." or "That's just within my budget.". The answer became too complicated by asking too many questions (like 20) and getting varied responses (like 'no' for black jeans). Roleplay 11 should be simpler, aiming for 'yes' responses and asking only three questions as requested. Recommendation: After the second question and answer, add a transition like "I think that's about it." or "Oh wait, one more question." or "Oh I almost forgot." before the third question. Examples for the third question: "So how can I pay for this? Credit card good?" or "Could you ship this right to my place?" or "Are there additional promotions?" or "Do you mind if I try them on? I want to make sure they fit.". After the third question and answer, conclude with something like "Oh well, I'll just ask next time." and "Thank you so much for your help though.". Avoid using "never mind" right after "I'll just ask next time"; it's awkward. "Never mind, I'll just ask next time." is possible but less common in this context.

