Question 
Describe for me a special holiday memory that you have in your childhood. Tell me where you were and what you did during the holiday. Please tell me in detail.

Answer 
You know when I think of holidays in my childhood, what always come to my mind is eating delicious holiday food with my cousins and playing computer games together. Well I don't remember much about what happened, you know, when I was a kid though. It's been a long time so I don't remember clearly. But I just remember the amazing traditional dishes my grandma used to make, you know? Especially her 갈비찜, which is one of the most popular traditional dishes. It was so tasty. And the best part was not having school or homework during the holidays. Oh I just remembered another story. I think I was about like 10 or 11 when I went on a trip with my family during 추석. You know we visited a huge amusement park and tried some local foods. It was such a fun time. I don't remember the details, but it was a blast. What else? I think you know these are all the things that I can come up with now. I really appreciate the fact that my childhood holidays were always happy.

Feedback 
This is an experience question focusing on the past. The key is to use past tense correctly. Simple memories are sufficient; you don't need to invent complex stories. Use phrases to indicate past habits like 'used to make'. Use phrases to express a lack of clear memory, often using the present perfect, like 'It's been a long time so I don't remember clearly'. Learn useful phrases for recalling memories such as 'what always come to my mind is', 'I just remembered another story', 'I don't remember the details', 'come up with'. Use simple descriptive words for taste like 'tasty' (often preferred over 'delicious' in casual speech). Learn expressions for having a good time like 'it was a blast'. Practice pronunciation of past tense verbs (e.g., 'visited', 'tried'). Use phrases to indicate the end of your answer like 'What else? I think these are all the things...'

