Question 
You indicated in your background survey that you like going camping. Tell me about your favorite place for camping. Where is it and what does it look like? Why do you like the place? Also, what kind of things do you do when you camp? Do you go hiking or fishing while you're camping? Who do you usually go camping with?

Answer 
Um all right. I'm a huge fan of camping and um I always want to be out of town over the weekend, you know? I have several go-to camping spots, you know? So um let me tell you about the campground I go to most often. Um one of my favorite camping places is 랑니 비치. Um it isn't very far from where I live, you know? It takes about um an hour by car. Also, driving along the coast feels great. You know? Another reason this is my favorite beach is there's so much to do. Also, the scenery here is like um stunning. You know? This beach has a very good campground with various convenient camping facilities. For example, there are clean restrooms and water fountains. You know, you can rent a barbecue grill at a reasonable price. Having a light drink while having a barbecue is my favorite thing to do while camping. It's a great stress reliever. On top of that, you know, the sunset here is like incredibly beautiful. Um like when you see the scenery here all your worries disappear. What's more, you can enjoy campfire. Zoning out while looking at the fire helps me like clear my mind. You know, in Korea this activity is called 불멍. 불 means fire and 멍 means zoning out.

Feedback 
Use fillers like 'um', 'uh', 'you know' for a natural flow. Vary expressions for liking something, e.g., 'I'm a huge fan of'. Use informal contractions like 'wanna be' (instead of 'want to be') and reduce stress on 'am', 'is', 'are' (e.g., 'I'm', 'it isn't') to sound more like natural speech. Use alternative words for 'favorite', such as 'go-to camping spot'. Use structures like 'one of the + plural noun' for higher scores. Provide specific details like distance ('about an hour by car') and add sensory details or feelings ('driving along the coast feels great'). Use patterns like 'Another reason... is...' to introduce reasons. Employ strong adjectives and adverbs for descriptions (e.g., 'stunning', 'breathtaking', 'incredibly beautiful', 'amazingly', 'absolutely', 'picturesque'). Use prepositions like 'with' to create more concise and sophisticated sentences (e.g., 'with various convenient facilities'). Use 'For example' to add specific details (important for AL). Learn phrases like 'at a reasonable price'. Use gerunds as subjects (e.g., 'Having a light drink... is...'). Use 'while + ing'. Learn phrases for stress relief ('stress reliever', 'relieve stress', 'get rid of stress', 'clear my mind'). Use a variety of connecting words ('Also', 'Another reason', 'on top of that', 'What's more'). Reduce stress on 'can' when followed by a main verb. Be cautious when explaining culture-specific terms ('불멍') as they may not be easily understood by the examiner.

