Question 
Describe the activities you like to do at the park. What do you normally do at the park? How often do you go to the park? Tell me everything you do at the park.

Answer 
Okay, let me think. There are lots of activities what I do in the park. Actually, there is a park near my house and I usually do exercise like take a walk and ride a bike. Yeah, first I will tell you about what I do when I take a walk. Actually, I go there with my friend. His name is Kevin and when you go when you go to park we actually we normally catch up with each other lives. Because we are super busy these days. So going a park is good for developing our friendship. And also I ride a park by myself. You know these days I'm really into riding a bike because it is good for health and I think I ride a bike every second day and um I um how can I say? Actually I don't have my own bike so I have to rent it from like kiosk. And actually it's really cheap. It's just one dollar for one hour. So yeah, it's quite reasonable. So Eva if you have enough time to go to park I recommend you to ride your bike or take a with your friends.

Feedback 
Pronunciation of 'Let me think' and 'um' could be improved ('엄' is better than '음'). The sentence 'There are lots of activities what I do in the park' has a grammatical error; 'what' should be 'that' or omitted. Missing articles like 'a' or 'the' before 'park' in phrases like 'go to park' and 'going a park'. The phrase 'going a park' should be 'going to a park'. Pauses between words like 'do exercise like', 'what I do when I' break fluency; try to speak in meaningful units. 'catch up with each other lives' could be 'catch up with each other' or 'talk about our lives'. 'developing our friendship' sounds awkward; 'build our friendship' or 'good way to build our friendship' is better. The pronunciation of 'developing' needs correction. 'I ride a park' is a clear error; needs immediate correction like 'I mean I ride a bike'. 'I'm really into riding a bike' should be said more smoothly. The phrase 'how can I say' can be shortened or replaced with a brief pause. 'I have to rent it from like kiosk' has pauses and 'lend' was used instead of 'rent'; say it smoothly like 'I have to rent it from a kiosk'. The recommendation structure 'recommend you to ride' is incorrect; use 'recommend you ride' or 'recommend riding'. 'take a' should be 'take a walk'. Despite these points, the answer provides details like going with a friend, mentioning the friend's name, explaining why they meet, talking about biking frequency, cost, and giving a recommendation, which adds substance. The attempt to use longer sentences towards the end is good for targeting IH, but grammatical and fluency issues hold it back from AL.

