Question 
Describe the activities you like to do at the park. What do you normally do at the park? How often do you go to the park? Tell me everything you do at the park.

Answer 
Fortunately, there is a very nice park in my neighborhood. It is called Gyeongui Railroad Forest Park because it used to be a railroad before it was rebuilt as a public park. And it is located within walking distance of my apartment. I mean which is a 5 minute walk from my my apartment. So I go jogging to this park at least once or twice a week because it has long and straight walks. Especially I go to this park with my family a lot more often during the spring as there are lots of beautiful trees and flowers. And in April, the park gets really pretty as cherry blossoms begin to blossom. So my family likes to take a picture together on the beautiful cherry blossoms. On top of that, there are two things that my three year old daughter really loves. Fountain and dogs. At the entrance of the park, there is an artificial fountain. Especially at night, the fountain illuminates with colorful lights which makes her very very excited. In addition, in the afternoon, many people take a walk with their dogs so my daughter loves to say hi to those cute dogs and sometimes she even follows them.

Feedback 
The answer is highly fluent with good speed and rhythm. Uses advanced transition words like 'Fortunately', 'On top of that', and 'In addition' instead of just 'also'. Sentences are long and complex, using conjunctions ('because', 'as') and relative clauses ('which makes her very very excited'). Provides specific details like the park's name, its history, the walking distance (with a specific time), the frequency of visits ('at least once or twice a week'), reasons for activities ('long and straight walks'), seasonal details ('during the spring', 'in April'), specific natural elements ('beautiful trees and flowers', 'cherry blossoms'), and specific things the daughter loves ('fountain', 'dogs'). Uses varied vocabulary and verbs ('gets really pretty', 'illuminates', 'follows them'). Includes actions of others ('many people take a walk with their dogs') in addition to personal/family actions. Minor points for improvement include the pronunciation of 'fountain' (should be clearer) and the placement of 'especially' (often sounds more natural mid-sentence, e.g., 'I go to this park with my family a lot more often especially during the spring'). The phrase 'take a walk with their dogs' is understandable but 'walk their dogs' is the more accurate expression for walking a dog. The structure 'I mean which is a 5 minute walk' could be slightly smoother by rephrasing, e.g., 'I mean this park is a 5 minute walk'. Overall, the answer demonstrates excellent fluency, vocabulary, grammar, and detail, characteristic of an AL level response.

