Question 
Can you describe the geographic features of your country? What makes them different from other countries? Please describe the geography of your country in detail.

Answer 
Well, honestly, I have never had a chance to think deeply about Korean geographic features. I think it is because I was born and raised in Seoul my whole life. Um okay. Uh Korea is a small country located in East Asia. But despite its small size, Korea is such a beautiful country. There are islands, mountains, rivers, and lakes across the country. All of which have diverse and beautiful landscapes all year around. On top of that, what makes Korea different from other countries is that the sea surrounds the country on three sides. So Korea has lots of beautiful coasts as well as many attractive islands. For example, Jeju Island is the largest island in South Korea. It attracts many people every year as it has beautiful beaches, mountains, and waterfalls. In addition, there are many famous restaurants which serve nice seafoods. The other example of Korean unique tourist site would be Han River. It divides Seoul into north and south. And you must see the river at night because its night view and the surrounding city lights are overwhelmingly beautiful.

Feedback 
AL 답변입니다. 발화량은 1분 45초, 13문장으로 충분했으며, 문장 길이가 길어 질적으로 우수했습니다. 문법적 실수는 없었고, 다양한 표현과 구체적인 디테일을 사용하여 높은 점수를 받았습니다. 발음은 정확했으며, 생각하는 시간을 자연스럽게 처리하여 유창성을 높였습니다. 구체적인 피드백은 다음과 같습니다: 'Well, honestly'와 같이 자연스러운 시작이 좋았습니다. 'I have never had a chance to think deeply about Korean geographic features'에서 'Korean'을 붙여 표현을 변화시킨 것이 좋았고, 'I've never had'로 발음하면 더 자연스럽습니다. 'I think it is because I was born and raised in Seoul my whole life'에서 'I think it is because'로 문장을 길게 만든 것, 'born and raised in Seoul' 발음, 'my whole life' 표현 모두 좋습니다. 'Um okay'와 같이 생각하는 시간을 자연스럽게 처리하는 것이 좋습니다. 'But despite its small size, Korea is such a beautiful country'에서 'despite its small size'와 'such a beautiful country'와 같이 강조하고 꾸며주는 표현이 좋습니다. 'There are islands, mountains, rivers, and lakes across the country. All of which have diverse and beautiful landscapes all year around.'는 'All of which'를 사용하여 문장을 길게 연결하고 'landscapes', 'all year around'와 같은 구체적인 단어를 사용하여 AL 이상의 답변입니다. 'On top of that, what makes Korea different from other countries is that the sea surrounds the country on three sides.'에서 'On top of that' (also 대체)과 'What makes Korea different from other countries is that...'와 같이 긴 주어를 사용하여 난이도를 높인 것이 좋습니다. 'So Korea has lots of beautiful coasts as well as many attractive islands.'에서 'as well as' (and 대체)를 사용하고 'coasts', 'islands'와 같이 구체적인 단어를 사용한 것이 좋습니다. 'For example, Jeju Island is the largest island in South Korea.'와 같이 예시를 명확히 제시한 것이 좋습니다. 'It attracts many people every year as it has beautiful beaches, mountains, and waterfalls.'에서 'attracts'와 같이 다양한 동사를 사용하고 'waterfalls'와 같은 구체적인 디테일을 넣은 것이 좋습니다. 'In addition, there are many famous restaurants which serve nice seafoods.'에서 'In addition' (also 대체)을 사용하여 연결을 다양화하고 음식점을 언급한 것이 좋습니다. 'The other example of Korean unique tourist site would be Han River.'에서 'The other example' (For example 반복 피함)과 'would be' (is 대신, 동사 다양화)를 사용한 것이 좋습니다. 'It divides Seoul into north and south.'에서 'divides A into B' 표현이 좋습니다. 'And you must see the river at night because its night view and the surrounding city lights are overwhelmingly beautiful.'에서 'night view', 'city lights'와 같은 구체적인 단어와 'overwhelmingly beautiful'과 같은 부사를 사용하여 표현을 풍부하게 만든 것이 좋습니다. 다만, 외운 듯한 속도감은 약간 아쉽습니다.

