Question 
There are many different ways to stay healthy. What are the things you do to maintain health? For instance, do you exercise? Do you eat healthy meals? Describe everything you do for your health in details.

Answer 
Many people in Korea care about their health. People do a lot of things to maintain health. In my case, I go to the gym three times a week and work out for about an hour. As I said earlier, I like jogging at the park almost every day. I think it's a great way for me to stay health. Also, there are a lot of awesome trails. So, I can take a walk around the trails there. Thanks to jogging, I become more active and energetic. And I hardly eat out and I often cook healthy meal at home. Anyway, how about you Eva?

Feedback 
Many people in Korea care about their health. (Good start, broader context) People do a lot of things to maintain health. (Good intonation on 'a lot of things') In my case, I go to the gym three times a week and work out for about an hour. (Longer sentence, good detail, combines two actions) As I said earlier, I like jogging at the park almost every day. (Good transition 'As I said earlier'. Includes location 'at the park') I think it's a great way for me to stay health. (Slight pause after 'think'. Missing 'a' before 'great way'. 'health' should be 'healthy'. Overall good flow) Also, there are a lot of awesome trails. So, I can take a walk around the trails there. (Good use of 'Also' and 'So' to connect ideas and lengthen sentences. 'along the trails' or 'along the trees' could add variety) Thanks to jogging, I become more active and energetic. ('Thanks to' is a good phrase. 'become' should be 'have become' for a continuous state change. Add comparison 'than before' for AL level) And I hardly eat out and I often cook healthy meal at home. (Good use of 'and' to combine sentences. 'meals' should be plural. Good flow) Anyway, how about you Eva? (Good interaction with Eva. Add specific question like 'What do you do to maintain health?' or 'What do you do to stay healthy?')

