Question 
Tell me about the geography of your country. What is special about it? Are there any rivers or mountains? Describe the geography of your country in as much detail as possible.

Answer 
Well I don't know much about the geography of my country Korea. Well I just remember a few things that I learned in high school. First of all, it's a peninsula and there are like tons of absolutely beautiful beaches. The beaches on the East Coast are the most popular because of the scenery and the crystal clear water. Another reason why I love the East Coast is the camping spots. Speaking of the South Coast, Korea has a ton of small but beautiful islands that are famous as vacation spots. Jeju Island is the biggest. It has a lot of nice beaches and tourist attractions. On top of that, the biggest mountain called Hallasan Mountain is like on Jeju Island. The island is one of the most popular vacation spots in Asia. Other than beaches and islands, the biggest feature of the geography is that there are so many mountains. I remember learning that more than like 60 or 70% of my country is covered with like mountains.

Feedback 
General tips: No separate prep time, listen twice, answer immediately. Practice without notes. Focus on improving weaknesses. Don't aim for perfection, especially for IM. IM: 3-4 simple sentences, avoid major errors. IH: 6-7 sentences, use connectors/fillers. AL: Needs rich content, use patterns/connectors/adverbs if content is lacking. Avoid sounding memorized (same speed, no intonation). Think in keywords/outlines, not full sentences. Practice speaking from keywords. Specific language: Pronounce 'geography' correctly. 'remember' stress is on the second syllable. Avoid 'First, Second, Third' - sounds prepared. 'First of all' is okay. Use contractions (it's, there are) - sounds natural. 'tons of' is a good, natural alternative to 'many/much' (especially 'much' in positive sentences). 'absolutely' is a good alternative to 'very'. 'crystal clear water' is a useful descriptive phrase. 'scenic' is a good adjective. Vary intonation and speed. 'another reason why I love this place is...' is a useful pattern. 'speaking of something' is good for transitions. 'on top of that' is a good connector (like in addition, also). 'one of the most popular...' is a good AL pattern. 'other than A' is useful for exceptions. 'I remember learning that...' is a good pattern for recalling info (remember + ing). Fact accuracy is not critical; OPIc is an English test.

