Question 
What changes have you noticed to the public transportation system in your country since you were a child?

Answer 
Okay, public transportations, okay, nowadays I think there are a lot of buses out there, so it's really you know convenient, but you know back in the days when I was in uh elementary days, uh there were, you know, there there was no bus, there was literally no bus, because I lived in a, you know, countryside, so but um, so it it was really inconvenient, but you know now uh as I told you before, uh there are a lot of buses, so it's, I I really like it, because if there's no bus uh I would have been, you know, uh, late, you know, so yeah, that's why I like it now.

Feedback 
The student used the strategy of starting with the present (main point), going to the past, returning to the present, and concluding, which is effective for showing two contrasts. Starting with 'public transportations' is a good time-buying technique and shows the examiner the question was understood. The main point 'nowadays I think there are a lot of buses out there, so it's really convenient' was clear, included an opinion ('I think'), used 'out there' naturally, and demonstrated the 'there... there' pattern. The main point was delivered efficiently within 12 seconds. When describing the past ('back in the days when I was in uh elementary days'), there was a minor grammar error; it should be 'when I was in my elementary days' or 'in elementary school'. The description of the past ('there were no bus, there were literally no bus') effectively used repetition and 'literally' for emphasis, but had a grammar error ('there were no bus' should be 'there was no bus' or 'there were no buses'). Explaining the reason ('because I lived in a countryside') was good. The return to the present reinforced the contrast. The attempt to include an 'if' conditional sentence ('because if there's no bus uh I would have been... late') showed effort but had a grammar issue in the conditional structure (mixing present and past ideas). Despite minor grammar slips, the overall message and structure were clear and followed the intended strategy. The student's ability to follow the present-past-present structure and use techniques like repetition and opinion phrases after 2 years without studying OPIc is commendable.

