Question 
Is there anything that you do to maintain health? Describe what you do for your health.

Answer 
I think this is a very good question because I care about my health a lot. so actually, I do several different things to keep myself healthy. First of all, I think eating healthy is the best way to stay healthy. so I try to cook healthy meals and have a balanced diet. to give you some examples, I usually eat whole grains such as oatmeal and brown rice. in addition to that, I make a healthy salad with lots of colorful fruits and vegetables like bell peppers, cucumbers, carrots, etc. I don't really eat out much, although I sometimes get food delivered. and what else? Oh, recently, I've started taking health supplements like vitamin C and calcium. Another thing I do to stay healthy is working out. just so you know, there's a nice park near my home, so I often go there for a walk and get some exercise. on top of that, I try to do yoga and pilates at home at least three times a week. and oh, you know what? I weigh once a week, and that definitely inspires me to keep in shape. speaking of which, I've lost a few kilos since I started jogging at the park. so that's pretty much all I do for my health. you know, being healthy is the most important thing in life. so I try to make more efforts. how about you, Eva? Is there anything special that you do to stay healthy?

Feedback 
Introduction: 'very good question' (좋은 시작), 'care about my health a lot' (좋은 표현), 'so actually' (필러, 자연스러움 추가), 'several different things' (여러 가지를 한다는 의미, 좋은 표현), 'keep myself healthy' (문제에서 나온 표현 활용). Body 1 (Food): 'First of all' (연결어), 'eating healthy is the best way to stay healthy' (동명사 주어, 강력한 표현), 'try to cook healthy meals', 'have a balanced diet' (핵심 어휘), 'to give you some examples' (AL 표현, 예시 제시), 'whole grains', 'oatmeal', 'brown rice' (구체적 어휘, AL 디테일), 'in addition to that' (연결어, AL 표현), 'make a healthy salad', 'colorful fruits and vegetables', 'like bell peppers, cucumbers, carrots, etc.' (구체적 예시, AL 디테일), 'don't really eat out much' (좋은 표현), 'although' (연결어), 'get food delivered' (음식 배달 관련 어휘, 활용), 'and what else? Oh,' (필러, 생각하는 연기), 'recently, I've started taking...' (현재완료 시제, 최근 시작한 일), 'health supplements', 'like vitamin C and calcium' (구체적 예시, AL 디테일). Body 2 (Exercise): 'Another thing I do to stay healthy is working out' (좋은 문장 구조, AL 표현), 'working out' (exercise 대체 어휘), 'just so you know' (AL 필러/표현, 대화체 느낌), 'go there for a walk', 'get some exercise' (운동 관련 좋은 표현), 'on top of that' (연결어, in addition to that 대체), 'try to do yoga and pilates', 'at least three times a week' (구체적 활동 및 빈도), 'and oh, you know what?' (필러, 대화체), 'weigh once a week' (구체적 행동 및 빈도), 'definitely inspires me to keep in shape' (AL 어휘 'inspires', 'keep in shape', 인과 관계 표현), 'speaking of which' (연결어, AL 표현), 'I've lost a few kilos' (현재완료, 구체적 결과), 'since I started jogging' (since + 과거 시점/동명사, 기간 표현). Conclusion: 'so that's pretty much all I do for my health' (좋은 마무리 표현), 'pretty much' (구어체), 'you know' (필러), 'being healthy is the most important thing in life' (동명사 주어, 강력한 마무리), 'make more efforts' (좋은 표현), 'how about you, Eva?' (면접관에게 질문, 대화체, 좋은 마무리), 'Is there anything special that you do to stay healthy?' (원 질문 재구성).

