Question 
What kind of furniture do you have in your home? What is your favorite piece of furniture? Please tell me about a piece of technology that you use every day. How do you use it?

Answer 
Honestly, I'd say this is a little bit tricky question for me because I don't have a lot of stuff in my home. I mean, I don't need a lot of furniture since I live alone in a small apartment. Besides, I guess I'm not that interested in buying new furniture or home appliances. So, there's not much to talk about, but I'll try my best. Basically, my apartment is a small studio, so it doesn't have a lot of space. It has a single size bed, a small coffee table, a chair, and a closet. As for the electronic appliances, I've got decent computers, both a desktop PC and a laptop. In addition, there are some kitchen appliances like a fridge, a microwave, and a coffee maker in the kitchen area. Of all the items I have in my place, I use my laptop the most. I mean, I guess I should probably talk about my bed since I sleep in my bed every night. It's super comfortable. But I feel like I do all sorts of things on my laptop on a daily basis. For instance, I play music, watch TV news, and take online lectures with my laptop. On top of that, I buy all my groceries online. So I would say my laptop is the most important piece of technology in my life for now. So anyway, there isn't much stuff in my studio. But I personally believe that it's better to live with only the things I need. Oh, just so you know, I'm trying to live a minimalist lifestyle. Anyway, how about you Eva? What do you have in your home? And what do you think about minimalism?

Feedback 
This answer effectively combines questions about furniture and technology, using a 'minimalist' theme for coherence. The introduction uses phrases like 'tricky question' and 'don't have a lot of stuff' as strategic fillers. Body 1 lists basic furniture and appliances. Body 2 focuses on the most used item (laptop), providing details on its use with phrases like 'all sorts of things' and 'on a daily basis', and uses examples like 'play music, watch TV news, take online lectures'. It also briefly mentions the bed as a favorite furniture possibility. The conclusion reinforces the minimalist theme and includes a question to Eva, which is a good AL strategy. Useful vocabulary and phrases include 'stuff', 'since I live alone', 'besides', 'not much to talk about', 'try my best', 'basically', 'studio', 'doesn't have a lot of space', 'single size bed', 'coffee table', 'closet', 'as for', 'I've got decent', 'both A and B', 'in addition', 'kitchen appliances', 'fridge', 'microwave', 'coffee maker', 'of all the items I have in my place', 'use X the most', 'I mean', 'I guess I should probably talk about', 'super comfortable', 'I feel like I do all sorts of things', 'on a daily basis', 'for instance', 'on my laptop', 'with my laptop', 'on top of that', 'buy groceries online', 'I would say', 'the most important piece of technology', 'in my life for now', 'so anyway', 'there isn't much stuff', 'personally believe that', 'it's better to live with only the things I need', 'just so you know', 'I'm trying to live a minimalist lifestyle', 'how about you Eva'. Pay attention to pronunciation of words like 'basically', 'closet', 'as for', 'decent', 'in addition', 'appliances', 'personally', 'minimalist'. Practice connecting ideas with transition words/phrases and using varied sentence structures for higher scores.

