--- 문제 5 ---
질문: Tell me about a memorable experience you had while learning something new. It could be a skill for your job, a subject at school, or even a new hobby. What were you trying to learn? How did you approach the learning process, and what made this experience particularly memorable or challenging? Please give me all the details.


답변: I try to learn cooking because I want to eat at home. But I dont know many things. I cut vegetables very slow and sometimes I cut wrong. I also forget to turn off the stove and the food get black. I see some YouTube video but they too fast and I cant follow well. One day I try to make fried rice but I put too much soy sauce so it was very salty. I still eat it but not good. I think cooking is very hard and Im not good at it. It was a bad and funny memory.


피드백:
Good Point
학생분, 요리 배우는 경험을 공유해줘서 고마워요! 답변에서 좋았던 점은 명확한 주제요리 배우기를 선택했고, 왜 배우고 싶었는지because I want to eat at home 이유를 잘 설명했다는 점이에요. 그리고 One day I try to make fried rice but I put too much soy sauce so it was very salty처럼 구체적인 에피소드를 포함시켜서 어떤 점이 어려웠는지 생생하게 전달하려고 한 점이 좋았어요. 마지막 문장 It was a bad and funny memory로 경험에 대한 감상을 잘 마무리한 것도 인상적이네요.

Bad Point
몇 가지 아쉬운 점을 짚어줄게요. 우선 과거 경험에 대해 이야기할 때는 동사의 시제를 과거형으로 일치시키는 것이 중요해요. 예를 들어 I try to learn cooking 보다는 I tried to learn cooking 또는 I was trying to learn cooking이라고 해야 자연스러워요. I cut vegetables very slow는 I cut vegetables very slowly 부사 형태 또는 I was very slow at cutting vegetables로, the food get black은 the food got black 또는 the food burned로 바꿔주면 더 정확한 표현이 됩니다. I see some YouTube video but they too fast and I cant follow well도 I watched some YouTube videos, but they were too fast and I couldnt follow well로 고쳐주면 좋겠어요.

Overall Feedback
학생분의 답변은 전달하고자 하는 내용은 명확했지만, 과거 경험을 묘사할 때 현재 시제를 주로 사용한 점이 가장 아쉬워요. OPIC에서는 특히 경험을 묻는 질문에 과거 시제를 정확히 사용하는 것이 중요하답니다. 문장 구조가 단순하고 어휘가 기본적인 수준에 머물러 있어, OPIC Level은 ILIntermediate Low 정도로 평가할 수 있겠어요. 과거 시제 사용 연습과 함께, 당시의 감정이나 상황을 좀 더 풍부하게 묘사하는 연습을 하면 IMIntermediate Mid 이상으로 충분히 올라갈 수 있을 거예요. 예를 들어, 음식이 탔을 때의 심정이나, 유튜브 영상이 너무 빨랐을 때의 답답함 등을 덧붙이면 훨씬 생동감 있는 답변이 될 거예요.

Teachers Answer
Okay, a memorable learning experience... I recall when I decided to learn how to play the guitar a couple of years ago. Id always admired people who could play, and I wanted to be able to play my favorite songs.

I started by watching beginner tutorial videos on YouTube. My approach was to learn a few basic chords each week and practice them until my fingers ached! It was quite challenging at first my fingertips were sore, and switching between chords smoothly felt impossible. I remember one specific evening, I was trying to learn the Fchord, which is notoriously difficult for beginners. I must have tried for an hour straight, and I just couldnt get a clear sound. I felt so frustrated I almost gave up.

What made it memorable, though, was the breakthrough. After a few days of persistent practice, I finally nailed that Fchord. The sense of accomplishment was incredible! From then on, learning became much more enjoyable, and though Im still no expert, being able to strum a few songs for myself is very rewarding. That initial struggle and the eventual small victory made the whole process very memorable.
