4. 비교 (Comparison)
과거와 현재 비교 (Comparing Past vs. Present)
"How has the way you use your phone changed from the past to now? Describe the differences in how you used your phone before and how you use it today." 
"How has your taste in movies changed from when you were younger to now?" 
"Please explain specifically how your musical taste has changed from your childhood until now."
"Compare the home you lived in when you were a child to the home you live in now. What are the differences between those two homes? What are the similarities? Give many details." 
"How has transportation changed over the last century? Describe the transportation used in the past and compare it with transportation used in the present." 
두 가지 대상 비교 (Comparing Two Different Items/Places/People)
"Choose two different parks you have visited. Compare their features, pros and cons, atmosphere, etc., and explain which park you prefer and why."
"Choose two of your friends and compare their personalities, interests, lifestyles, etc. What are their similarities and differences?"
"Compare the functions and uses of a smartphone and a laptop computer, and explain in which situations you think each is more useful."
"Please compare and analyze the advantages and disadvantages of online shopping versus traditional offline store shopping."
"Select two different domestic travel destinations you know. Compare their attractions and characteristics, and tell me what type of traveler you would recommend each one to."
시간에 따른 변화 설명 (Explaining Changes Over Time)
"How have bars changed over the last several years? What do you think about the changes? How were they in the past, and what about now? What are the differences and the similarities? Tell me all the changes in detail." 
"Explain the major changes and developments smartphone technology has undergone over the last 10 or 20 years."
"What changes has your neighborhood or city undergone in the past few years? Please mention both positive and negative changes."
"How do you think people's leisure activities have changed today compared to the past, due to technological advancements and social changes?"
"Tell me about how has your taste in music changed over the years. What kind of music did you like to listen to when you were young?" 
