2. 묘사 (Description)
장소 묘사 (Describing Places)
"Please describe the house you live in, in detail. What do you like most about it?"
"Tell me about the cafes or coffee houses in your community. Please describe it in detail." 
"You indicated in the survey that you like to go to parks. Tell me about one of the parks that you often visit. What makes it so special?" 
"I'd like to know about a bar you often go to. Where is your favorite bar located? What does it look like? Please describe everything about that bar in detail."
"What is your favorite room in your house? What does it look like? Why do you like that room? What do you usually do there?" 
사물/대상 묘사 (Describing Objects/Things)
"Please describe the public transportation system in your country. What types are there mainly, and how do people use them?"
"What technology do you use most frequently in your daily life? Please describe it in detail."
"If you have a piece of furniture or an item in your house that you cherish the most, what is it? Please describe it in detail."
"What is your favorite furniture in your house? What does it look like? What do you like about the furniture? Tell me about the furniture in detail." 
"There are many popular websites on the internet. Tell me about your favorite website to visit when surfing the internet. What is it? Why is it your favorite?" 
사람 묘사 (Describing People)
"Please describe your best friend in detail. Explain their personality and what they mean to you."
"Could you choose one member of your family and describe their appearance, personality, and your relationship with them?"
"Who is the person you admire most in your life, and why? Please describe their characteristics."
"Please describe one of your neighbors. What kind of person are they?"
"Who do you think is the most creative person you know? Describe what makes them creative."
활동/취미 묘사 (Describing Activities/Hobbies)
"Explain the types of music you enjoy listening to. Discuss some of your favorite composers and/or musicians, and why you like them." 
"What is your favorite movie genre? Please describe its characteristics and appeal in detail."
"You indicated in the survey that you enjoy watching movies. What is your favorite movie? Give me a description with lots of details." 
"What kinds of books do you read now? Are they the same books you liked when you were younger? How has your taste in books developed over the years?"
"If you have an exercise or sport you enjoy, what is it, why do you like it, and how do you do it? Please explain."
