5. 과거 경험 (Past Experience)
기억에 남는/인상적인 경험 (Memorable/Impressive Experience)
"Tell me about a memorable experience you have had at a coffee shop. When and where was it? Who were you with? What happened? Talk about the experience in detail." 
"Have you ever had a particularly memorable experience while doing the recycling? Where and when did this happen? Provide a detailed summary of this experience from the beginning to the end of it. What made this experience unique or memorable for you?" 
"Describe one memorable experience you have had at the park. What happened, and why was it so memorable? Give as many details as you can." 
"Tell me about a memorable incident that happened at a bar. What exactly happened, and why was it so special? How did you deal with it? Please tell me everything about that incident in detail." 
"Tell me about a particular time when you went to listen to some live music. Did you go to concerts or a live café? What did you do there, and what happened? What made this experience memorable?" 
처음 겪은 경험/계기 (First Experience/Origin of Interest)
"Let's talk about the first coffee shop you went to. What was special about that place? Why did you decide to go to the cafe for the first time?" 
"How did you first become interested in listening to music? What kind of music did you listen to when you were young? What was your favorite song?" 
"What first interested you in music? When did you first listen to your favorite song? Why did you like it?"
"Tell me about how you first became interested in reading. How old were you and which book has affected you the most?" 
"What was the reason you first started your current favorite hobby, and what was your first experience like?"
어린 시절 경험 (Childhood Experience)
"What were your childhood experiences with household chores like? Describe the chores you were assigned and your feelings about them."
"When you were a child, how did you do recycling? What kinds of things did you recycle, and who showed you how to do it?" 
"What was your favorite game or play activity as a child? Why was it your favorite, and who did you usually do it with? Please tell me about it."
"Please tell me about a special memory or an impressive scene from the neighborhood or house you lived in during your childhood."
"If you have a memorable story with a teacher or friend from your elementary school days, please share it in detail."
문제 발생 및 해결 경험 (Problem/Solution Experience)
"Have you ever had some problems with your home? What was the problem? How did you deal with it? Use as many details as possible to describe it." 
"Have you ever had some problem with furniture you bought? Was it broken or did it have a stain? What happened and how did you deal with it?"
"Sometimes, riding the subway or bus can be uncomfortable. Have you ever had any problems related to transportation? Were there traffic jams, or did something uncomfortable happen? What was the problem, and how did you deal with the situation?" 
"Have you ever been in a situation where you were dissatisfied with a product? When and where did this take place? Provide me with as many details as possible." 
"Tell me about an experience where you faced an unexpected problem during a trip (e.g., getting lost, losing something, reservation issues) and what actions you took to solve it."
최근 경험 (Recent Experience)
"When was the last time you stayed in a hotel? Where did you stay? Why did you go there? What did you do at the hotel?" 
"When was the last time you took a different type of transportation than usual? What happened? Where were you going? Tell me about the memorable experience in detail." 
"Can you think of any recent issue or news you came across on your phone that left a strong impression on you? What was it about, and why was it memorable?"
"When was the last time you surfed the internet? Which sites did you visit and what did you find on those sites? Tell me about that time in detail." 
"Can you tell me about a piece of furniture you bought recently for some reason? What was it? Why did you buy it? Where did you buy it?"
