Question 
Have you read a news article related to bacteria? Please talk about an article related to bacteria and what you think about it. Tell me in as much detail as possible.

Answer 
If I remember correctly, I read an article related to bacteria a couple of years ago. There was a really famous seafood restaurant ABC. Back then, I was a frequent visitor. And it was found out that they had used leftover to prepare their dishes. They had been doing it for years and years. As you know, If food is reused, the number of bacteria increases. So result in food poisoning. Some customers from that restaurant got sick and they were hospitalized. It was so disgusting. And the fact that I ate it made me feel really sick. Anyway, it became a big issue in Korea. Other restaurant chefs also have confessed that they were forced to use leftovers to save cost. It's like a boiling frog. I know that this will become a big problem one day in Korea.

Feedback 
This is another difficult and unusual social issue question. Choose an easy topic like reusing food in restaurants rather than complex scientific or cultural topics (like kimchi). You can exaggerate the issue slightly. Useful expressions: 'If I remember correctly' (good filler for talking about the past), 'a couple of years ago' (a few years ago), 'frequent visitor' (regular customer), 'it was found out that' (it was revealed that), 'leftover' (remaining food), 'for years and years' (for emphasis), 'as you know' (to build rapport), 'food poisoning' (sickness from contaminated food), 'were hospitalized' (were admitted to the hospital), 'disgusting' (gross, repulsive), 'made me feel really sick' (made me feel nauseous or disgusted), 'became a big issue' (became a major problem), 'confessed' (admitted), 'were forced' (were made to), 'to save cost' (to reduce expenses), 'It's like a boiling frog' (an idiom for a problem that worsens gradually and will eventually cause a crisis - fancy expression). You don't need to use perfect grammar like past perfect (had used); simple past is often sufficient in speaking.

