Question 
Please talk about the company that young people in your country want to work for. Why do you think the company is popular among young people? So give me all the details.

Answer 
This question is really difficult and I haven't thought about this, but I will try my best to answer. (Difficult question opener) I'm not sure if you know, but the job market in Korea right now is very competitive because of Covid-19 pandemic. It takes years and years to get a job in Korea. So it's not about getting a job at a dream company. It's more about getting a job at any major companies in Korea. (Context on job market) In my case, my major is [Your Major] and I want to work at Samsung Electronics. This is because the company offers high salary with low working hours. So I can balance my personal life with work. Also, the company offers seven extra vacation days which means a lot to me. Last but not least, I can get discount coupons for major shopping malls as well. (Reasons for choosing the company) I really want to work at Samsung and actually it's the reason why I'm taking this test. In order to apply for Samsung company, I need to get AL. (Linking to the test)

Feedback 
Difficult questions often appear in the middle or end (not necessarily the first question). 돌발 (unexpected questions) can appear from the second question. Even if you don't select 'company' in the survey, you might get company-related questions due to social issues. For difficult questions, use the opener 'Um, this question is really difficult and I haven't thought about this, but I will try my best to answer.' This is a versatile phrase. Structure your answer by dividing points: acknowledge difficulty, provide context (job market), discuss your personal preference/reasons. Use phrases like 'I'm not sure if you know,' 'It's not about A, it's more about B,' 'This is because,' 'Also,' 'Last but not least.' You can slightly exaggerate, like 'years and years.' Use specific vocabulary: competitive, Covid-19 pandemic, major companies, high salary, low working hours, work-life balance, extra vacation days, discount coupons, in order to, apply for. Practice speaking out loud with energy and a positive tone.

