Question 
Please tell me about a time something interesting or unexpected happened at the park.

Answer 
I had a memorable experience at a park. As I recall, it was last summer. I was on my vacation and I was bored out of my mind. So, I decided to go jogging. While I was jogging in a park, I saw people gathered around something. I went there to check it out, and the sight really blew my mind. It was BTS! Just in case you don't know who BTS is, they are a popular boy band in Korea who became famous all over the world with the song called DNA. The song goes like this... (sing a bit). They were giving us a surprise mini concert. The crowd was going wild! In a matter of seconds, thousands of people were approaching the stage. The fact that they came to Park made it a once in a lifetime chance. I felt lucky to watch the performance since the song was all the rage. It really made my day.

Feedback 
This question asks about a memorable or unexpected experience at the park/beach. Listen for 'a time' and 'interesting or unexpected'. This requires you to use the past tense consistently to tell a story. The provided script is an example of an AL level answer - long, detailed, and uses advanced expressions. Structure: setting the scene (when, why you were there), the unexpected event, what you did, the reaction of others, your feelings, and the outcome. Key phrases: 'I had a memorable experience', 'As I recall' (if I remember correctly), 'last summer', 'on my vacation', 'bored out of my mind' (extremely bored), 'decided to go jogging', 'While I was jogging...', 'saw people gathered around', 'check it out', 'blew my mind' (shocked me), 'I'm a huge fan', 'Just in case', 'popular boy band', 'became famous all over the world', 'with the song called...', 'The song goes like this...' (can sing a little), 'surprise mini concert', 'going wild' (getting very excited), 'in a matter of seconds' (very quickly), 'thousands of people', 'approaching the stage', 'The fact that...', 'once in a lifetime chance/experience', 'felt lucky', 'since' (because), 'all the rage' (very popular/trendy), 'made my day' (made me very happy). Focus on storytelling, using descriptive language, and maintaining past tense.

