Question 
You indicated in the survey that you like to listen to music. What types of music do you like? Tell me about some of your favorite musicians or singers.

Answer 
It's a good question because I love listening to music. Actually I like listening to many different kinds of music including jazz, rock, and classical music. But these days I feel like I'm addicted to K-pop. You know what? I'm a huge fan of BTS. Eva, do you know BTS? BTS is a K-pop group of seven members and they are also called the boys. I think they are the best K-pop group in the world. I often listen to their songs. And among their songs, my favorite is love myself. The song goes like this. I should love myself. Or my favorite lyrics of the song is my favorite lyrics. I listen to this song a lot because it makes me feel alive and grateful for my life. So anyway I think listening to BTS music is a great way for me to relieve stress. I highly recommend you listen to BTS songs.

Feedback 
This IH level answer provides a good structure (intro, body 1, body 2, conclusion). The introduction uses a versatile phrase 'It's a good question because I love listening to music'. It lists various music types using 'including'. Body 1 focuses on the favorite genre (K-pop) and musician (BTS). It uses stronger expressions like 'addicted to' and 'huge fan'. It includes details about BTS (seven members, called the boys) and expresses a strong opinion ('best K-pop group in the world'). Body 2 provides specific details about a favorite song ('love myself'), including its message/lyrics and how it makes the speaker feel ('alive and grateful'). Useful phrases like 'I feel like', 'You know what?', 'do you know?', 'I think', 'Whenever I listen to their songs', 'makes me feel' are used. The conclusion summarizes the benefit of listening to music ('great way for me to relieve stress') and includes a recommendation ('I highly recommend you listen to...'). Compared to the IM answer, it offers more detail, varied vocabulary, and more natural fillers and connecting phrases.

