Question 
Tell me about a memorable experience you have had while staying at a hotel. Why did you pick that hotel in the first place? Why is the experience so special? What happened? Who were you with? Describe the experience in detail.

Answer 
I went on a vacation to Jeju Island last summer. Jeju Island is located on the South Coast of Korea. There are a lot of small but beautiful islands in the South. It's loved as a vacation spot because there are tons of tourist attractions and truly/amazingly beautiful beaches. Jeju Island also has a very unique geography because it's a volcanic island. One of my friends recommended a hotel near the beach called 협재 beach. When I checked in and arrived at the room, I was amazed by a striking view. It was scenic. Plus, I was in awe of the night view. Other than the great view, the hotel had a great pool and a jacuzzi and a spa. They offered a poolside barbecue as well. I had grilled seafood there which tasted incredible. Besides, the staff were very kind and helpful. Also, the price of the hotel room was reasonable. It was a pleasant stay. So I created a post about the hotel on my Instagram. I think it's one of the best hotels I've ever been to.

Feedback 
Ensure consistent use of the past tense for describing the experience ('went on', 'recommended', 'checked in', 'arrived at', 'was amazed', 'had', 'tasted', 'were', 'created'). Use 'went on a vacation' instead of 'went to a vacation'. Use 'on' for coasts ('on the South Coast'). Use diverse and strong adjectives/adverbs for description ('tons of', 'truly/amazingly beautiful', 'unique geography', 'volcanic island', 'striking view', 'scenic', 'in awe of', 'outstanding', 'splendid', 'awesome', 'breathtaking', 'breathtakingly good', 'incredible', 'very kind and helpful', 'reasonable', 'pleasant'). Use connecting words like 'Plus', 'Other than', 'Besides', 'Also', 'So'. Use the phrase 'One of the best hotels I've ever been to' as a strong concluding statement. Practice pronunciation of words like 'facilities', 'performance', 'breathtakingly good'.

