Question 
Do you have a responsibility to do recycling in your house? If so, please tell me how you do recycling in detail. When was the first time you did recycling? How has the process of recycling changed from the past? Please tell me in detail. Describe how recycling was practiced in the past. How were the views toward recycling when you were young? How are they different now? Tell me how recycling has changed over the years. Tell me about something that you have heard or read about recycling in the news. What was it about? Give me all the details about that issue on recycling.

Answer 
Yes, absolutely. I believe everyone has a responsibility to recycle at home to protect the environment. In my house, we have several different bins for sorting. We have one for paper and cardboard, another for plastics and cans, and a separate one for glass bottles. Food waste goes into a special compost bin provided by the city. Before putting items in the bins, we make sure to rinse containers, like yogurt cups or milk cartons, and flatten cardboard boxes to save space. The city collects the recycling bins once a week. I think the first time I really became aware of recycling was in elementary school. We had a campaign where we collected old newspapers and plastic bottles. Compared to the past, the recycling process has changed significantly. When I was young, recycling wasn't as common or as easy. People might have recycled specific items like glass bottles for deposit, but there wasn't a widespread system for everything. The views were different too; it was seen more as an optional good deed rather than a necessary part of waste management. Now, recycling is much more integrated into daily life. Collection systems are more sophisticated, and there's much greater public awareness about the environmental impact of waste. We also have more types of materials that can be recycled. Recently, I read in the news about the challenges with plastic recycling. It highlighted that not all plastics are easily recyclable, and sometimes, collected plastic waste isn't actually recycled due to contamination or market issues. It made me realize that while we do our part at home, the whole recycling chain is complex and faces significant hurdles, especially with certain types of plastic packaging.

Feedback 
Your answer is very comprehensive and directly addresses all parts of the question. You provide good detail about your personal recycling process, the history of recycling from your perspective, and a relevant news item. Your vocabulary related to recycling (bins, sorting, compost, contamination, market issues) is appropriate. You effectively use comparative structures ('Compared to the past', 'When I was young', 'Now') to show the changes over time. Sentence structure is varied and clear. To make it even stronger, you could perhaps add a specific example of a type of plastic that is hard to recycle or mention a specific policy change you've observed.

