Question 
What do you do from the moment you walk into the bank until you walk out? Tell me everything about what goes on when you visit the bank.

Answer 
Uh, first of all, I wait in the bank in my turn. Uh, because there are lots of people, uh, you know, at the bank. Um, so I wait my turn and um and and I meet a bank bank account, you know. Uh, and then, yeah. Uh, uh, first of all, I wait in the bank in my turn. Uh, because 아 아 뭐야? 어 어 끝.

Feedback 
The answer is very short (8 sentences) and ends abruptly, indicating blanking out. For IH/AL, aim for 10+ sentences per minute. The start "Uh, first of all, I wait" is good and directly addresses the question. "I wait" could be expanded with expressions like "I do a whole lot of waiting". "in the bank" is okay, but "at the bank" is more common for location. "in my turn" is awkward; better options are "When it's my turn" or "I wait for my turn". "Because there are lots of people" is a good reason, but "lots of people" could be replaced with stronger vocabulary like "packed" or "packed full of people". You can repeat "packed" for emphasis ("It's always packed, you know, packed full of people"). This is also a good point to add emotion (e.g., "and I hate that", "it's super annoying"). Connecting back to the main point is good, like "and so, you know, I have no choice but to wait". Repeating "at the bank" later is redundant. "I wait my turn" is repeated and still awkward; use "I wait until it's my turn" or "I wait for my turn". The filler "and um" is good. "I meet a bank bank account" is incorrect; "bank account" is not a person. The correct term is "bank teller". If you forget specific terms, general words like "employee" or "staff" (though staff can be plural) are good alternatives. It's good that you moved on despite the error ("bank account") rather than getting stuck, but the repetition of the first sentence and the incoherent ending show you blanked out. Practice extending answers and having backup phrases for when you get stuck.

