Question 
Who is your favorite movie star? Talk about recent news about your favorite actor or actress. Start by telling me about his or her background and then describe in detail what happened on the news. What interested the fans?

Answer 
Um, I would say, uh, my favorite actors, one of my favorite actors is Chris Pratt. Uh, I love his like attitude. I love honest attitude, especially like that he doesn't hide any of his like miserable experiences he had in the past when he was on like was on a talk show. It was probably his optimistic view for life that he can probably say with, you know, say those with a good sense of humor. To be honest, I didn't know of him until the Marvel movies came out. I love how he acted in the Marvel movies and I became a huge fan of it. And then I looked it up like looked looked him him on YouTube and I watched all the videos of him. Uh, and there was a fun picture of him and his son. Uh, it was taken and it was posted online and made people laugh. Basically, like Chris Fred plays a superhero named StarLord. Oh, it's really hard to pronounce. StarLord. And um, and uh his son dressed as a as a Captain America, which is another superhero for his Halloween party. So it made made me super fun. It made it cracked me up. So you should definitely watch this picture if you get a chance.

Feedback 
Honestly, that was a fantastic answer. I feel like maybe I cannot even do better than that. It was um quite amazing. Are you pranking me? Is this a joke? Are you a teacher yourself and you're just uh, you know, bored today? Like uh that was really good. Really? It was a description question and you fully answered this. This is not an easy question because it is a description. Description is easy. 원래는 easy 하잖아요. 근데 여기는 약간 좀 더 더 많이 이렇게 물어보니까 약간 어려웠지만 그래도 엄청 잘했어요. And you're talking about this movie star in the most awesomest way. 막 여러 가지 이렇게 말하면서 이렇게 하니까 제가 따라가기가 힘들었어요. 제가 따라가기 힘든 힘들면은 엄청 좋은 거예요. 예. 내가 그냥 give up 했어요. 그냥 아, 여기 그냥 내가 얌전하게 그냥 아 웃으면서 이렇게 그냥 들 것이다. 이런 느낌으로 내가 들었거든요. 그게 엄청 좋습니다. Alright. So usually if I cannot follow a student then their speed is quite good and it is impressive. It means the first half of uh the like what I what I said, it was it is actually I made it. Uh, I made it the script before you you before you're calling you close me. So I practiced a lot, but the uh the last I mean, the like the second half of my script, it was kind of like spontaneous. I mean, okay. I mean, look at the words you're using, you know? Spontaneous. Uh, it's it's excellent. And you're right. I mean, when I'm listening to you, you used so many awesome natural fillers and I didn't feel like it was a script at all. It was just natural. I felt like you were talking to me. And I don't know. You're in 어디서 배웠어요, 영어? Uh, I've been teaching myself English. You you were teaching yourself in English? Like you were teaching yourself English? You never went abroad overseas? Yeah, I never went to abroad for for, you know, studying. It was just free. Right, just vacations, you know, things like that. Um, 이거 다 혼자로 배웠다고요? Yeah. Okay. Mia It it take it take forever. It and also I think there's a lot of things that I have to learn. Of course. 어, 저도 많이 배울 게 있어요. 근데 너무 잘하셔 가지고 지금 이게 made in Korea 한국 아 made in Korea 아, 영어라고요? No, it is made in YouTube. Okay, whatever. Okay, fine. Made in YouTube, but in Korea and oh my gosh, I'm so impressed. 원약 Mia가 유튜브를 만들 수 있을 것 같아요. 그 다음에 내가 없어질 것 같아요. No. 그러니까. No. 안 돼. Don't make YouTube. Okay? No. Okay. Alright. Um, but no, really, I'm very impressed. Okay? So we're going to get off the phone now and I'm going to just go over some things because it was I want to start, you know, teaching what you have said and I'm going to start sharing it with others here. Um, but again, just very very good. If you ever have questions, uh, please keep asking me. If I ever have questions, I will definitely ask you, okay? Okay. It was so nice talking to you. It was it was my pleasure and uh you could be my my assistant. I don't know. You're excellent. Okay. So thank you so much again. Bye bye.

