Question 
Tell me about a past experience related to recycling.

Answer 
Okay so whoa that you only give me hard ones today. Anyways. Um like you know when I went to you know to this recycling area I was you know almost swimming in the seas and seas of plastic containers. Um I know it sounds crazy right? But to tell you more to tell you more and to be honest with you I live in kind of this run down area and the recycling area is always messy. And this Saturday like Saturday night maybe they were partying or doing everything or eating you know eating food and stuff. So just like I said in the previous question and I was going out to take out the food I mean not the food but the containers all the plastic and it I guess the people in that area had the same experience going through right? And all the plastics like all over around that bin so disgusting. And like these things happen pretty often and I have to but you know what? Like I like to keep the rules so I wanted to kind of toss and throw those plastic containers into the entrance of the bin like I was kind of swimming through the plastic like vinyls and whatever and then like toss it like basketball. So I know it sounds crazy but you know when it comes to recycling Koreans get really intense. I have to get it done right? Yeah if you don't believe it come and see. Woo!

Feedback 
Overall: Very high-quality, deep, and intricate answer. Excellent use of expressions and detail, though some parts could be clearer or more consistent with the overall narrative. Specific Feedback: 'Okay' at the start is good, shows thinking. 'you only give me hard ones today' is a great, natural alternative to 'tough question'. 'hard ones' means hard questions. 'Anyways' (with S) is okay, similar to 'anyway' (without S). 'swimming in the seas and seas of plastic containers' is a fantastic, vivid expression for having too much plastic. Suggests 'overflowing' as a related word. 'I know it sounds crazy right?' is good; 'I know' adds softness, and 'it' is optional in conversation. 'but to tell you more' is good, but avoid 'and' immediately after it. Suggests using 'Basically' instead. 'To be honest with you' is a good phrase. 'I live in kind of this run down area' - 'kind of' is a good detail. 'run down area' means a poor, messy, old, or not well-maintained area (not as poor as 'slums'). 'and the recycling area is always messy' connects well to living in a run down area. 'And this Saturday like Saturday night' - 'this Saturday night' usually refers to the future; 'last Saturday' or 'this past Saturday' is better for a past event, especially if it wasn't very recent. 'maybe they were partying' - 'they' needs prior clarification (e.g., neighbors, people around the area) before using the pronoun. 'maybe' is well used to show uncertainty. 'I guess the people in that area had the same experience' is a good way to express assuming others felt the same. 'And all the plastics like all over around that bin' is a very detailed and skillful description; using gestures while saying this helps communication. 'so disgusting' is a good emotion, but needs explanation why it's disgusting (e.g., not rinsed out, smells bad). 'annoying', 'frustrating', or 'crazy' might be more natural emotions for just seeing too much plastic. 'but you know what? Like I like to keep the rules' - 'You know what?' is excellent for adding extra detail. 'I like to keep the rules' is smooth. 'I wanted to kind of toss and throw those plastic containers into the entrance of the bin like I was kind of swimming through the plastic' - the action of 'toss to the entrance' is a bit confusing. 'swimming through the plastic' is good imagery. Suggests describing plastic everywhere (in, out, on the ground) and then comparing it to swimming. 'like vinyls and whatever' - 'vinyls' is not recommended for plastic bags or labels in this context; it usually refers to car wraps or decals. Suggests 'plastic bags' or 'bottle labels'. 'Koreans get really intense' is a good expression for being serious or hardcore. 'I have to get it done right? Yeah if you don't believe it come and see.' - This conclusion (Koreans are intense/perfect at recycling) contradicts the description of the messy, overflowing recycling area. The expressions are good, but the narrative is confusing. Suggests explaining that Koreans *usually* do it well, but this specific neighborhood was an exception, which was shocking.

