Question 
Question number 15 of the OPIc test. Cafes and coffee houses today are often more than just places that serve coffee. They serve as mobile offices or even as meeting places. How has the role of cafes changed over the years?

Answer 
Well, in this day, you know, the cough shops are not just for grab some coffee. Cuz I think people's use of cough shops has diversified. Like most people go to cough shop to study for their test or meet their friends or just enjoy the cough shop mood, you know, like a mood for music or smell of coffee. And for me, I'm using cough shop for meet with my friends or sometimes go by myself and study for English. Yeah, I think that's how people use cough shop in this day like me instead of serve for their meeting, I think. Yeah, that's pretty much all I have to say.

Feedback 
The phrase "in this day" should be "these days". "Grab some coffee" is natural in conversation but slightly awkward in a description; simply "coffee" is smoother. Using fillers like "well" and "you know" at the start is good for sounding natural. "Cuz" is a good shortcut for "because" if you speak quickly, but might sound awkward if you speak slowly. Using high vocabulary like "use of" and "diversified" is impressive but can sound formal; an alternative is "the reason why people go to coffee shops have changed quite a bit". Using "like" as a filler is common among native speakers and helps sound natural. "Coffee shop" needs to be plural "coffee shops" when referring to the general concept. The examples given (study, meet friends, enjoy mood) are good illustrations of the main point. "And for me" is a nice transition to talk about oneself. "I'm using coffee shops for meet with my friends" has grammatical issues; it should be "I go to coffee shops to meet my friends". "Or sometimes go by myself and study for English" should be "or sometimes go by myself to study English". "That's how people use coffee shops in these days like me instead of serve for their meeting, I think" is confusing and grammatically incorrect in parts. "How" should likely be "why". "Use" should be "go to". "In these days" should be "these days". The part "like me instead of serve for their meeting, I think" is unclear. It's better to just end the sentence after "these days" or rephrase completely. If transitioning back to 'we' or 'people', "Yeah, I think that's why we go to coffee shops these days" is better. The conclusion "Yeah, that's pretty much all I have to say" is a natural way to end if you struggle with conclusions.

