Question 


Answer 
And I had a really good time with my boyfriend. I just loved having time with my boyfriend in Central Park, you know, and we went to very amazing restaurant to eat burgers. You know, burger is very popular in New York City.

Feedback 
Okay, stop there. Stop there. Very good. All right. So, now, notice here, the main point was confusing in my opinion because, um, Haley, you're you're talking about your boyfriend in New York. I mean, that's good. Okay. I like that. Um, and, you know, it was a beautiful city, whatever. Uh, you're talking about Central Park. Okay. Yep. And then eventually you're talking about the trees. Okay. And, you know, you love the trees and, you know, why? You know, a little bit of explanation here. Why did you love the trees? Um, because there are so many benches which I can rest to relax. Okay. Okay. Now, if you're talking about benches now, that's a different answer, right? Um, okay. Yeah. So, it has to be organized. I would stick to the trees. Right? So, you could say that there were so many beautiful trees. Right? They were so beautiful because, yeah, I don't know why, but they were. They were very beautiful. Or you could say they were very tall or they were very colorful, whatever. Um, but I need that explanation, right? Yes. And then Hyojung will be able to answer that continuing on with the trees. But Hyojung didn't catch it. So, she started talking about restaurants. Ah. She wanted to talk about tree. Right. That's what I that's what I caught, but, you know, Hyojung, you couldn't fully catch it, right? So, you were talking about restaurants. So, now, notice here, if Hyojung couldn't catch your main point, Haley, the OPIc grader might not catch it either. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I think so. Okay. So, that is why we have to be very careful with this main point. We are letting we're letting the OPIc grader know, hey, this is what I will be talking about right in the beginning so that it becomes clear. So, let's try this again. This time we're going to have Hyojung answer first. Yeah, okay. Okay. And then Haley, now you are Hyojung afterwards, okay? Okay. All right. So, Hyojung, you know, tell me about uh uh an experience overseas. You know, what happened? Go ahead.

