Question 
That's the end of the situation. You may have had problems while you were planning for trips. Talk about a problem you had while you were planning a trip. What was the problem and how did you deal with the situation?

Answer 
Well, uh, okay, so, um, Okay, you know like two or three years ago maybe, you know, my father and I, you know, had a, uh, travel, I mean, I mean, had a plan to travel to Italia. But, you know, that time, I just cancelled this plan. Uh, simply because, you know, my father and I had a very terrible argument, I mean, terrible fight. Now, you know, I'm kind of, you know, this, um, regret it, but, okay, let me, let me tell you more detail. Like, you know, at the time, actually, uh, uh, my father and mother, you know, had a very cruel fight, but for me, you know, as for me, it seemed, you know, it seemed very, uh, my father's fault, you know, 100%. So, yeah, you know, so all of a sudden, you know, I simply didn't feel I want to go to, you know, travel with my father because I also had a very felt very bad, uh, above my father. So, and, you know, even that fight became the, you know, fight between me and my father. So, yeah, and so I simply cancelled, like I said. But, you know, uh, I think, you know, my father was disappointed maybe, even though he didn't tell me, but because, you know, it was supposed to be our first overseas trip. Um, so, yeah, maybe, maybe I gotta make plan again after Corona things over. So, yeah, I I I have to do that, I think.

Feedback 
The answer was excellent and the student did a fantastic job. The main point was very strong, the body was excellent, and the conclusion was very good. The start was very smooth using filler combos like 'Okay, you know, like'. The use of 'maybe' at the end of the first sentence ('two or three years ago maybe') was good for showing a natural feeling. Extra details like the timeframe were delivered quickly. The expression 'had a plan to travel' or 'had plans to travel' is good. 'Simply because' is a recommended expression for the main point. 'Terrible argument' or 'terrible fight' was a strong description. The structure of the main point (What, Why, Feeling) was effective. The transition from the main point to the body using 'Let me tell you in greater detail' was smooth. Focusing on personal feelings like 'To me, at the time, it was my father's fault' is good for communication power. The use of pronouns like 'they' was noted as important and often underutilized by students. The description of the father being 'disappointed maybe, even though he didn't tell me' added depth. A direct quotation (DQ) was missed. A suggested placement for a DQ was after 'I was thinking to myself'. The phrasing 'why is he saying like that?' was slightly awkward; better options include 'why is he being like that?', 'why is he being that way?', 'why is he acting like that?', 'why is he acting that way?', 'why is he acting like a little baby?', 'why is he being so immature?', or even 'why did my mom marry him?'. The conclusion about planning the trip again after Covid-19 was unique. Using 'C19' instead of 'Covid-19' is a recommended tip for conciseness.

