Question 
Tell me about the weather in Korea.

Answer 
Weather in Korea. I watched the news this morning. It said we have tons of fine dust in the air. This is just disaster. Can you imagine how can I live with this much fine dust? You know, in the past, I think even three years ago, it wasn't like that. Basically, we won't worry about air condition thing. And we were able to do anything outside. But these days, basically, we can't do anything outside. We just, you know, if you just stand outside for only a few minutes, you can feel all the dust in your mouth. This is just awful. And I don't know this will be better or not, but hopefully this will be handled very soon.

Feedback 
Starting with the question words is natural. Using the news is a good strategy. 'tons of fine dust' is IH level; 'serious fine dust problem/issue' is AL. 'Starting to have' is AL+. Expressing feelings ('disaster', 'awful') is good; 'just awful' is AL. 'Can you imagine' is a nice rhetorical question. 'How can I live with this much fine dust?' is IH; 'How am I supposed to live...?' is better. The structure (present issue -> past contrast -> present state) is excellent for comparison. In the past section, 'we won't worry' is incorrect; should be 'didn't have to worry'. 'air condition thing' should be 'air quality'. 'We never really had to worry about air quality' is AL. Using a follow-up sentence with the same word differently ('worry-free') is AL+. 'we were able to do anything outside' is IM2; 'freely go outside without having to wear a mask' is clearer/more skillful (AL). Emphasizing feeling here is missing. In the present section, 'we can't do anything outside' needs more detail (e.g., 'without having to worry about fine dust'). Self-correction with 'you know' is acceptable. 'only a few minutes' adds good detail. 'feel all the dust in your mouth' - 'lungs' might be more accurate. 'sort of feel the dust accumulating in your lungs' is suggested. The conclusion is general; 'handled' could be 'resolved'. Adding humor or a stronger personal consequence is better for AL+.

