Question 
Describe the last time you went to a park. Which park was it? When was it? Tell me everything you did from the moment you arrived at the park to the time you left.

Answer 
Okay, I have a very specific story to share with you. Like, you know, last year I just went a like, you know, Yellowstone Park with my daughter. It was really amazing. You know, like because we we just had a like, you know, seeing the star and and it was like very like overwhelmed moment, I guess. Like, you know, to be brutally honest, like I just, you know, I just worried about like COVID-19, so I just went like very huge park, like something tranquil tranquil place, like National Park, you know. I, I think it's like it was like perfect choice definitely. You know, with the fishing, hiking, and campfire indeed. And the scenery was like really spectacular. You know, I just done that, you know, Glacier Mountain, Emerald Lake, and Greenwich Prairie. The scenery just granted to bring a tear to the eye. And like it was really awesome. But the most amazing thing was seeing the star. You know, you know, in a at a night time, I just, you know, lying on the ground with my daughter and the seeing the star, like with my little princess and just she just whispered to me, I love you that 3,000. And I just whispered to her, like, I love you more multiple by all the stars in our galaxy. Wow, I was really overwhelmed. And, you know, overall, this trip sure make me realize how precious family are. We just shouldn't take for granted our family.

Feedback 
Good use of an opening phrase like "I have a very specific story to share with you." Using "called" instead of "name" when introducing the park name is a good alternative. Effectively used feeling words like "amazing" and "overwhelmed." The body of the answer showed good control by mentioning multiple activities (fishing, hiking, campfire) but returning to the main point (seeing stars). To boost vocabulary, try using different forms of the same root word (e.g., hike, hiked, hiking; talk, talked, talking, talker) or related words (e.g., scene, scenery, view). Using a unique phrase like "pulls/tugs at my heartstrings" once can be a secret weapon. While the answer was still slightly over the target time (1:50), the structure and vocabulary usage demonstrated good skill.

