Question 
In your background survey, you indicated that you like to watch movies. What kind of movies do you like? Are there any reasons you like specific movie genres?

Answer 
I'm a huge fan of movies. However, you know, I don't watch just one genre/type of movie. Speaking of the movies I watch most often, I love watching comedy movies at home, you know, by myself or with my family on weekends. Watching comedy movies is a great stress reliever. Because funny lines make me laugh. Oh, you know, I think I can clear my mind while I'm into hilarious moments of comedy movies. These days, I feel a little depressed because of the COVID-19 pandemic. And there are times when I feel a little down, but comedy movies make me feel much better. On top of that, when I feel a little down and I want to and I want to get a grip, I watch old classic movies. You know, every time I watch them, I think I get a different feeling. Also such films brings back lots of memories. Plus, you know, I like romantic movies. Because I like the romantic vibes of the movies. Also, lastly, um most the scenes from romance movies are like beautiful and their background music has great melodies. Other than these movies, I sometimes watch um sci-fi movies and thriller movies late at night. So, I think I like many kinds of movies like this.

Feedback 
Use 'I'm a huge fan of...' instead of just 'like' or 'love' for higher levels (IH/AL). 'You know' and 'I think' can be used as fillers, reduce their stress. 'Speaking of...' is a good transition phrase for AL. 'Genre' pronunciation is difficult, 'type' is an alternative. Avoid stressing the 'is' in sentences like 'Watching comedy movies is...'. 'Great stress reliever' is a useful phrase applicable to various topics. 'Hilarious' is a good alternative to 'funny'. Pronounce 'can' clearly in positive sentences. 'Feel a little depressed', 'feel a little down', 'feel blue' are useful expressions for describing mood. 'Make me feel much better' is a useful phrase. Use various connectors like 'On top of that', 'Plus', 'Also', 'Lastly' for AL. 'Get a grip' is a useful expression for cheering up. 'Brings back lots of memories' is applicable to music/songs too. 'Vibes' is useful for describing atmosphere. 'Like' can be used as a filler when thinking. 'Go-to' is a good synonym for 'favorite' to avoid repetition, applicable to places, people, songs, etc.

