Question 
You indicated in your survey that you like going to parks Tell me about one of the parks you like to go to What does it look like and where is it located? What makes it special

Answer 
It's a good question because there are many beautiful parks in my country. You know actually I live in a big city Seoul. But there are several nice parks close to where I live. Well so I can think of a few nice parks right now. But let me focus on my favorite ones. So speaking of the park I like to visit there is a nice River Park called Han River Park in my city. The park runs along Han River which divides Seoul into north and south. Fortunately it's pretty close to my home probably about a 10 minute drive. In addition to that the park has some great facilities like biking trails and walking paths. So what makes the park special is that You can walk or ride a bike along the riverside. And oh Another Park I like to visit is Olympic Park which is also located in Seoul. Just so you know Olympic Park was built to host the 1988 Summer Olympics. Well anyway I like this park because It is super big and has beautiful flower gardens. The flower gardens are my favorite part because in the spring the flowers begin to blossom and give off an incredible scent. So overall I love going to parks in my free time. I feel very lucky to have such lovely parks in my city. Although these parks get quite packed with people sometimes I definitely recommend visiting there in the spring time.

Feedback 
This question asks you to describe a park you like, its appearance, location, and what makes it special. Use descriptive keywords for places like many parks, several parks, a public park, River Park, Beach Park, Lake Park, the park in my town, the park near my home. Describe facilities: There are many great facilities, a lot of equipment, walking trails, walking paths, biking trails. Describe its appearance/atmosphere: the park is crowded with people, the park is scenic, picturesque, the park is a cheerful place to..., a pleasant place to work out. Use connecting phrases and structures: It's a good question because..., You know actually..., close to where I live (instead of my home), I can think of a few nice parks, let me focus on my favorite ones/one, Speaking of..., there is a nice River Park called..., The park runs along..., which divides Seoul into north and south (AL tip: use clauses to extend sentences), Fortunately..., it's pretty close to my home probably about a 10 minute drive/walk, In addition to that..., the park has some great facilities like..., What makes the park special is that... (AL tip: use complex subjects), along the riverside, Another Park I like to visit is..., which is also located in Seoul, Just so you know..., was built to host..., Well anyway..., I like this park because..., It is super big, has beautiful flower gardens, a lot of trees and plants, The flower gardens are my favorite part because..., in the spring..., the flowers begin to blossom, give off an incredible scent, So overall..., I love going to parks in my free time, I feel very lucky to have such lovely parks/a lovely park in my city, such (emphasis), Although... (AL tip: use conjunctions for complex sentences), get quite packed with people, I definitely recommend visiting there in the spring time, I recommend doing something (ing) or visiting somewhere to you/anyone who likes.... You can choose to describe one park or two. Focus on delivering the content well rather than just length for AL.

